Dear Bread Financial Stockholders 2021 was another transformational year for Alliance Data, representing the culmination of a multi-year strategy to simplify, streamline, and — in a change that goes far beyond just a new name — re-brand the company. Moving ahead as Bread Financial, we are a stronger, more focused tech-forward financial services company with increased flexibility and growth potential supporting long-term stockholder value. We successfully executed on our key priorities during the past year, including delivering net income from continuing operations of $797 million — up 283% year-over-year — on revenues of $3.3 billion. The re-branding to Bread Financial is a defining moment for our Company, reflecting deliberate action we have taken to move the Company forward as part of this multi-year strategic transformation initiated by our Board of Directors. Any successful company must continually evaluate its business in light of trends affecting its industry and the market. Technological innovations, industry disruption and digital preferences have changed the relationships that consumers maintain with retailers, and with their banks and payment partners. In part, but not solely due to the effects of the pandemic, shopping behaviors have changed, and at the same time, payment and lending options expanded. These factors fueled our need to change as well. It is not enough for a payment, lending and saving solutions company to merely participate in this environment. Rather, a company must stake a bold leadership claim to compete by continually evolving and delivering results. That is precisely what we are doing as Bread Financial. We combine the heart of a fintech with the discipline and stability of a regulated bank, providing a modernized, tech-forward approach, giving more choice, flexibility and options to consumers, and delivering a relevant, competitive offering to our brand partners to help them profitably grow their businesses. As part of our multi-year strategic business transformation, in 2021 we: • Simplified our business model by completing the spinoff of our final non-core business segment, LoyaltyOne, allowing us to focus on assets with the highest growth potential • Improved our capital ratios and reduced our leverage as we paid off $750 million of debt and reduced goodwill by $700 million as a result of completing the LoyaltyOne spinoff • Established new strategic relationships on our fintech digital payments platform • Expanded our digital-first product suite, incorporating digital installment lending and split pay options that are increasingly popular with younger shoppers • Enhanced our core technology and advanced digital capabilities, moving closer to completion of our Fiserv processing platform migration and adding new selfservice options through our redesigned customer account center • Made significant progress on our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) initiatives, including development and implementation of a Boardapproved multi-year sustainability strategy Solid Financial Performance Sets the Stage for 2022 Growth Even as the COVID-19 pandemic pushed merchants and consumers to adapt to an evolved shopping environment, we exceeded our 2021 financial guidance, driven by stronger than expected receivables growth, disciplined expense management, and positive credit performance. Credit sales were up 20% in 2021 compared with the prior year, providing momentum for strong balance sheet growth in 2022. Credit performance improved as a result of strategic risk management changes, deliberate and disciplined underwriting actions, and COVID-related government stimulus programs. We ended the year with a 3.9% delinquency rate and a full-year net loss rate of 4.6%, both near historic lows. In addition, we reduced debt and improved our leverage and capital ratios through growth in retained earnings and the spinoff of LoyaltyOne. While the pandemic accelerated the move away from cash and checks, firmly entrenching digital and online shopping into consumers’ habits, in-store credit transactions increased year-over-year, particularly during the strong holiday shopping season. These varied payment trends validate our investments in and focus on providing an expanded omnichannel strategy that enables our partners to offer more choice in the way customers pay. We help our brand partners grow by offering a diverse suite of products, including private label and co-brand credit cards, point-of-sale lending solutions and buy now, pay later options (installment loans and split-pay), together with digital, analytical and servicing capabilities to support those products, drive program performance, and grow our partners’ businesses. Products and Partnerships Provide a Competitive Advantage 2021 was a record year for new brand partner signings and renewals. Bread Financial enjoys healthy relationships with a client base of more than 600 companies. We further diversified our client relationships adding well-established brand partners, including the National Football League and specialty retailers Michael’s, Petco, B&H Photo, and TBC Corporation, a leader in the tire and automotive service industry with several trusted and recognized brands. And, as a testament to the strong results we deliver to brand partners, we signed significant renewals, including preferred Gen Z brand Toyota, top Millennial brand Ulta Beauty, Signet jewelry brands, Ann Taylor, and Big Lots, among others. In addition, smallto-medium sized merchant acquisition continues to increase on our fintech payments platform. We can compete, win and drive growth with any size partner or merchant, from large brands to smaller direct merchants. Our ability to deliver strong, measurable results for our many brand partners and merchants alike has been, and will continue to be, key to our continued mutual success. Additionally, we have locked in the vast majority of our brand partner relationships through 2025, and maintain a strong pipeline of prospects and robust business development and renewal activities. We have taken a very strategic approach to expanding our product offering, fueling our evolution from a marketing and loyalty company to a techforward payment, lending and saving solutions provider. Our comprehensive suite of payment and marketing solutions enables brands to manage their product mix and optimize profitability, while also unlocking customer graduation and optimization strategies that increase the lifetime value of a customer for our brand partners and for us. During the year, we forged a new strategic relationship with Sezzle by offering our installment loan product through Sezzle’s merchant network, which will reach more customers purchasing big-ticket items once the program is introduced this year. Our strategic relationships with Fiserv and Royal Bank of Canada, Canada’s largest national bank, expand distribution opportunities through our digital payments platform. In addition, we launched direct-to-consumer lending and payment products for new and existing cardholders, including proprietary credit cards, helping to both retain existing customer relationships as well as expand our reach and appeal to new customers. Our proprietary card quickly gained traction among consumers, surpassing 1 million card members during 2021 and continuing to show promising consumer appeal. Our focus is on maximizing and leveraging all channels, making it easy for consumers to responsibly finance purchases and make payments wherever they occur — online, in-store and in-app. ESG as a Business Imperative We have and will continue to make notable progress, purposefully integrating ESG standards into all aspects of our business. During the year, and in alignment with our business transformation, our Board of Directors approved a new multi-year sustainability strategy, inclusive of five performance scorecards and more than 40 key progress indicators to ensure we continue to advance ESG principles throughout our operations and in our business strategy. We will progress against our goals and provide consistent and comparable public disclosure of non-financial factors identified as critical to our overall success. Our commitment to transparency and accountability continues, as we will issue our ninth annual ESG report in the coming months, providing investors and our other valued stakeholders a comprehensive progress report that demonstrates our responsible business practices in action. Bread Financial’s top-down approach to activate and operationalize our material sustainability priorities means we will continue to foster a diverse, equitable and inclusive culture; accelerate our actions to address the impact of climate change; and consistently live our values in everything we do to advance a highly engaged, more loyal workforce. Looking Forward Bread Financial enters 2022 as a formidable, purpose-driven tech-forward financial services company with a simplified operating structure and focused strategy that positions us for longterm profitable growth. Our transformational accomplishments in 2021 established a solid foundation from which to execute our strategy, and the flexibility to make strategic investments that will help us scale our business, enhance the customer experience, operate efficiently, and drive our future performance. Completing the migration of our core processing platform to Fiserv mid-year will be a key milestone for the Company. This initiative will expedite brand partner conversions and customer acquisitions as well as speed to market, enabling new products and capabilities to be added quickly and seamlessly, and supporting new pricing optimization efforts that will sustain revenue growth. Additionally, the ongoing enhancements in our data and analytics will improve both operational efficiencies for our business as well as sales growth for our brand partners. At the same time, we will expand our proprietary product offering and focus on innovation around product and technology development geared toward scaling our digital payments platform. Collectively, these moves will result in stronger brand partnerships and new revenue opportunities for Bread Financial. In the coming year, our capital priorities will be focused on supporting growth and continuing to improve capital ratios and liquidity metrics. We are committed to providing transparency into our business strategy and reporting that is more in line with those of our financial services peers. We continue to proactively engage with investors and other key stakeholders that benefit from greater insight and understanding about the Company’s operating principles, values, business drivers and decision-making. In Closing It is not an understatement to say we are a changed and notably improved company from where we were just three years ago, and even from where we were last year at this time. Our purposeful evolution to Bread Financial is reflective of a strong, visionary Board and an engaged and committed leadership team supported by 6,000 talented, agile and empowered associates — all focused on working together to execute on our key strategic imperatives. We are bound together by shared values, operating responsibly, and delivering excellence for all those we serve. I am proud of where we are today and optimistic about what opportunities lie ahead. To our dedicated associates, thank you for making our vision to emerge as a leading tech-forward payment, lending and saving solutions provider a reality. To our valued partners, thank you for entrusting us to work beside you and be part of your growth story. And to our investors, thank you for your support on this journey as we reimagine our future and set a new course as a financial services company focused squarely on driving sustainable growth and long-term stockholder value. We are well positioned and on a strong footing to compete and win — now and in the years to come. I am excited about our transformation success and bright future. Together, we will deliver on our promises to our coveted stakeholders, including our associates, partners, customers, investors and the communities in which we live and operate. We are up for the challenge! 

Ralph Andretta 

President and CEO
