Dear Shareholders, 2021 brought about a profound shift to digitally based, convenient products and services. Through years of deliberate execution, Ally’s leading, agile platforms were well-positioned for this evolution. The cornerstone of our strategy to differentiate ourselves is built upon a disruptive-DNA to ‘Do It Right’ for our customers, employees and communities. We’ve continuously innovated and expanded our offerings, focusing on tech and digital-first enhancements. Our approach has driven more than a decade of steady customer growth, ending at 10.5 million customers2 overall in 2021. Our 10,500 Ally teammates underpin our long-term success and delivered impressive financial and operating performance amid uniquely challenging markets, as we navigated a global pandemic, socially-distanced operating environments and unprecedented supply chain disruptions. Despite these headwinds, the strength of the U.S. consumer, resilience of the auto asset and growing preference for all-things digital provided windows of opportunity for Ally to win on behalf of our stakeholders. I am incredibly proud of our performance. With a clear purpose and vision in front of us, I am as confident as I’ve ever been in our ability to achieve continued success in the years ahead. Financially, we achieved numerous milestones in 2021, including the highest total net revenue and adjusted earnings per share1 since becoming a public company, while increasing total deposits to $141.6 billion, the 51st consecutive quarter of growth. The exceptional financial performance was reflected in core pre-provision net revenue1 (PPNR) of $4.3 billion – double the level from 2014 – as margin continued to expand and we remained disciplined in the long-term investments we are making across our customer and support functions. Core ROTCE1 of 24.3% demonstrated the strength of our core earnings profile, alongside our ability to capture market tailwinds in real-time. Adjusted tangible book value per share1 – a key measure of intrinsic value, ended at $38.73, our highest year-end level since becoming a publicly traded company. Taken together, 2021 performance reflected another year of disciplined execution against our long-term priorities and leading, growing platforms built around the customer. The evolution of Ally’s balance sheet over several years reflects the deliberate expansion and diversification of assets. Disciplined underwriting, pricing and servicing have remained central to the optimization of our earning asset yields, and are further evidenced in our strong credit trends, robust reserve levels and ample capital position. Our funding profile has been transformed through steady growth in stable, sticky deposits and proactive liability management – trends that continued throughout 2021. The combined effect of these actions resulted in exceptional results and accelerated our outlook for growth and financial returns. Healthy consumer and corporate balance sheets led to a benign credit environment. Ally proactively deployed sophisticated tools, new digitally-based customer portals and enhanced data and analytic approaches, which increased near and long-term engagement and payment activity with our customers. For our customers, we relentlessly obsessed over their needs this past year, striving to find new ways to help them achieve their financial goals. We were proud to lead the industry in the elimination of overdraft fees. We further challenged the status quo eliminating origination fees at Ally Home®. Our acquisition of Fair Square, a digital-first credit card company, introduced a new growth channel and filled a key product gap with a highly aligned strategic and cultural fit. The Fair Square management team brings decades of experience alongside a differentiated product offering that has generated solid growth since launching in 2016. Our comprehensive consumer offerings now offer Ally’s growing customer base the ability to save, spend, invest and borrow as they grow their financial relationship with us. For our employees, efforts throughout Ally demonstrated a genuine focus on caring for each other, and helping each other thrive during a time of continuous change and uncertainty. Ally introduced enhanced health benefit programs, specifically regarding mental health and family care programs, increased our minimum wage 18% to $20 per hour and announced that all Ally employees will be eligible to receive restricted stock units through our third annual #OwnIt grant. This program sets us apart by providing a true sense of shared success and equity, while deepening a founder’s mentality. 43% of our employees voluntarily belong to one of our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), adding to the robust and inclusive culture we’ve spent years fostering. In support of our communities, we celebrated our 10th annual Giving Back Month with our employees. In 2021, we also provided $15.4 million in financial support to community, social and educational causes, including $5.3 million from the Ally Charitable Foundation, which just closed out its first full year. These collective efforts further Ally’s ability to drive positive, sustainable impacts. Taken together, these efforts have strengthened our culture, evidenced in our position among the top 10% of companies in the U.S. for employee engagement. Additionally, these actions serve as a critical tool for us in attracting and retaining talent in a tight labor market. Throughout the year, Ally was recognized as a top employer for our collective efforts to support employees and make Ally a place where people want to work, as evidenced in our DiversityInc. Top 50 ranking, multiple recognitions from Forbes, and numerous awards from other publications. Additionally, we received Bank On National Certification from the Cities for Financial Empowerment fund. All of this culminated with a recent award, where Ally was named a 2022 Forbes Best Employers for large employers, which ranked us in the top 3 of banks and financial-services companies. Additionally, we were recognized as a 2022 Top Workplaces USA award recipient for our people-first culture. In support of our suppliers, we held our first Supplier Symposium and increased both first-tier diverse spend and our third-party supplier spend with minority-owned and womenowned businesses. Building on our success, we hosted our second annual Supplier Diversity Symposium in February 2022 where suppliers joined this company-wide networking event and learned ways they can contribute to Ally’s supplier diversity program. These are a testament to the belief that treating people as people will help to drive the collective good in our places of work and communities. We began the year with nearly 99% of our workforce working remotely, but ended the year preparing for the reopening of our corporate and regional business centers, following a successful pilot program for most of 2021. Prioritizing the safety and well-being of our employees through data, science and health advisors, flexibility has remained a cornerstone of our approach throughout the pandemic. We further expanded re-entry in late-January 2022, opening our offices to vaccinated employees. I was humbled to welcome some of our Ally teammates back to our facilities, including many who joined our company during the pandemic, but had never stepped foot inside an Ally complex. I firmly believe in the irreplaceable nature of in-person collaboration, where being together – safely – strengthens culture, development, creativity and ultimately, operating performance. In this year’s letter, I’ll discuss how our leading and growing businesses and our exceptional workforce powered a pivotal year, the latest exciting evolution for Ally. Collectively, we drove enhanced value for all of our stakeholders. Across each area of our businesses, a consistent theme of customer-obsession and clear purpose define our results. Driving long-term value. We prudently balance our capital management approaches and our strategic priorities in order to organically propel our core businesses, augment our capabilities through tuck-in acquisitions and accretive partnerships, pay a sustainable, attractive dividend and return excess capital directly to shareholders. We applied this consistent approach across our businesses this year, investing in our customer experiences, brand, digital experiences, data infrastructure, and technology-based analytical capabilities. In January 2022, we announced our second consecutive common stock buyback program of $2.0 billion and increased the dividend 20% to $0.30 per share on all common stock – our seventh increase in as many years. These actions reflect the strength of our balance sheet, capital and liquidity position and strong outlook for continued organic expansion. Since inception of the program in 2016, we have returned $6.5 billion capital to shareholders through buybacks and dividends while growing the balance sheet by $24 billion, growing core PPNR5 66% and increasing customers over 100%. From a liquidity and funding perspective, our increase in deposit funding, which has more than doubled since 2014, has allowed us to successfully reduce our dependence on higher-cost alternatives as we’ve replaced $24 billion of unsecured funding with a weighted-average coupon of 5%. In 2021, Moody’s upgraded Ally’s credit rating to investment grade, representing the first time Ally has had investment grade ratings from the Big Three rating agencies in over 16 years. Leveraging the momentum from the upgrade, along with a constructive market backdrop, Ally issued unsecured debt at a historically low coupon for Ally. We proactively retired $2.44 billion of legacy Trust Preferred Securities and issued $2.35 billion of Perpetual Preferred Stock. We believe that the redemption of high-cost unsecured debt and tactical issuances further enhance our capital, funding and liquidity positions, and drive accretive financial outcomes. Leading and growing businesses. 2021 performance was driven by an operating model capable of delivering results in a variety of economic environments and business cycles. Throughout 2021, our decisions remained anchored to the long-term priorities we’ve had in place, allowing us to effectively navigate ongoing volatility and uncertainty. Our leading auto finance business generated exceptional results. Operational precision, deeply experienced experts and an agile mindset allowed us to meet the needs of dealers and consumers within the evolving auto ecosystem. Supply chain constraints that limited new vehicle production and led to multi-decade lows in inventory supply, were met with strong demand for used cars. These dynamics reinforce a broader theme within the sector, where owning a personal vehicle provides mobility, flexibility, pride and utility for consumers. Ally generated $46.3 billion in originations, and decisioned approximately 13.0 million applications – both records - sourced from relationships with over 21,000 active U.S. dealers.9 For the fourth consecutive year, estimated retail originated yields10 remained above 7.0%, as retail auto net charge-offs11 of 31 basis points reflected considerable consumer strength and sophisticated, digital servicing approaches. Ally continued to invest in talent and technology, with a focus on deepening relationships, bolstering our underwriting capabilities and improving speed of decision, where approximately 70% of approved decisions were automated. Combined with our skilled, experienced underwriters and field representatives, these efforts protect and advance our leadership position. Our insurance offering represents an attractive value proposition, and had another great year in 2021, posting written premium volume of $1.2 billion sourced from a network of 4,500 dealers. As we move forward, we remain focused on continuing to expand dealer and consumer use of our insurance and vehicle protection products. Turning to our leading, digital Ally Bank franchise, momentum accelerated across our consumer and commercial offerings. We launched the bank in 2009 under the premise that the world didn’t need another bank, it needed a better bank. As a result, our customerfirst approach set us apart from the competition and defined our purpose as a growing, digital disruptor. In 2021, we reached 3.8 million Ally Bank customers12 across our deposit, brokerage, mortgage, credit card and point-of-sale products. Multi-product relationships grew for the fifth consecutive year, ending over 9%, while Smart Savings Tools were used by over 500 thousand customers. 69% of deposit account openings in 2021 were sourced from individuals from the millennial or younger generation – providing us with an enhanced opportunity to organically grow relationships across our expanded suite of products. We continue to generate industryleading retention of 96% among our depositors, a critical component of our stable, sticky funding profile that will enable us to further scale the platform. The compelling value proposition of our platforms is exemplified by a growing list of awards, including our fifth consecutive Best Internet Bank award from Kiplinger’s and recognition on the Best Online Banks list from Money magazine for the ninth time in 11 years. Within our Ally Home offering, we generated originations of $10.4 billion, more than doubling the prior year level. We recognize the significance and importance of purchasing and owning a home for our customers. To enhance our digitally-based application, funding and closing approach, we permanently eliminated our origination fee. Our ability to provide a convenient, digital mortgage experience for our customers and an expansion into new markets across the U.S. led to solid growth and positioned our business for long-term success. Our borrowers can complete an application in under 15 minutes through our digital platform and close their loan up to 10 days faster than industry averages, reinforcing the unique and differentiated user experience. Ally Invest produced solid results as we continued to focus on our customers while navigating volatile markets. Net customer assets reached $17.4 billion, up 24% year over year, and self-directed and robo-accounts expanded beyond 506 thousand, evidence of the compelling digitally-based experience for our customers. As part of the Ally Invest team’s ongoing efforts to educate and empower customers, Ally Invest hosted three digital investor conferences in 2021 and introduced compelling content on digital and social platforms. Ally Lending’s point-of-sale offerings exhibited strong growth trends as we leveraged our expanded capabilities within the healthcare and home improvement verticals, while continuing to grow our retail offering. Gross originations more than doubled to $1.2 billion for the year, powered by a 37% increase in merchant relationships verticals. We remain encouraged by the strong growth, disciplined underwriting and opportunity for ongoing momentum in the years ahead. Corporate Finance demonstrated stellar growth and solid financial results. The team successfully navigated a fiercely competitive environment by relying on Ally’s proven application of expertise and disciplined underwriting across our lending relationships. The team experienced nearly 30% loan growth during the year, led by the Capital Markets/Lender Finance and Specialty Finance segments. In December, we closed the acquisition of Fair Square Financial, bringing a core banking product to our platform and expanding our capabilities within the unsecured credit card space. We now have the key pieces in place to further strengthen our leading digital bank. Exceptional performance, balance sheet growth and customer expansion in 2021 fuel our expectation for continued success in 2022 and beyond. Differentiating with our brand. In 2021, Ally’s brand continued to build momentum and gain strength demonstrated through brand valuation at over $2 billion13 for the first time ever, and an increase in brand valuation of 26% year-over-year. We’ve steadily built our brand into one of the strongest in the industry, connecting with customers and living up to our promise to be an ally. This year, we grew consideration for the Ally Brand 22% year-over-year to an all-time high of 38% and reached 85% customer satisfaction. We believe these strong results are driven by our consistent focus on our values and creating a culture aligned to our brand’s three pillars: Do It Right, Tirelessly Innovate, and Obsess Over the Customer. As we pushed for innovation, our marketing team launched several successful campaigns. The inaugural Ally 400 was a resounding success, and our successful NASCAR sponsorship with Alex Bowman was even more fulfilling this year as he won four races and furthered the visibility of our brand. We proudly signed on as a sponsor of both the National Women’s Soccer League (NWSL) and the NWSL Players Association, giving Ally a national platform to expand its support for soccer and helping to elevate the world-class talent in the women’s game on and off the field. Notably, Ally made our largest partnership investment to date through a breakthrough collaboration with DC Comics and WarnerMedia, celebrating the next generation of Black and diverse creators. I have consistently advocated for equity and opportunity for all people in our country, and this avenue provided us an opportunity to authentically showcase Black, Hispanic and Latino communities while supporting their compelling stories. In October, we launched our widest-reaching campaign in brand history: we’re all better off with an ally. As a customer obsessed brand, our customers and their stories about our support during the pandemic served as the inspiration for this new campaign. It was Ally’s most expansive media campaign to date, and it surpassed more than one billion impressions across a broad spectrum of properties. We’ve found that our value proposition is a powerful competitive differentiator and the foundation from which we’ve retained customers and expanded into new products. Given our customer-first strategy and our drive to tirelessly innovate, investing in the Ally brand will continue to be a critical priority moving forward. Creating a more environmentally sustainable future. Our brand promise to “Do It Right” extends to the conservation of environmental resources to ensure a sustainable future. Being an environmentally responsible company requires us to be good stewards of our resources and pushes us to develop sustainable practices and behaviors that benefit the environment. Managing our own environmental footprint, educating and encouraging stakeholders to do the same, and taking meaningful action are critical responsibilities for all companies and individuals to ensure we preserve our natural resources and environment. This important work will help drive a broader transition to a sustainable, lowcarbon economy, and will address one of the biggest risks we face as a company, nation, and planet – climate change. Ally took several significant steps in 2021 to demonstrate our commitment to develop an enterprise sustainability strategy. We established a baseline for environmental performance through the execution of a repeatable approach to collecting standardized emissions data. This tracking enabled us to complete Ally’s inaugural CDP (formerly known as Carbon Disclosure Project) submission as a foundational part of our journey towards increased transparency and disclosure. Notably, the calculation of our emissions validated the assertion that as a digital bank, our carbon footprint is smaller than many of our brick and mortar peers, and enabled Ally to achieve carbon neutrality for our 2020 Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions for the first time, using high quality carbon offsets and Green-E Energy Certified renewable energy certificates. Other 2021 highlights include the establishment of a sustainability office, increased climate risk reporting through existing governance including the Board of Directors, and the completion of our inaugural ESG stakeholder assessment that will inform our go-forward plan. We also introduced Green Teams, an employee-led network that will support the activation of environmental engagement and volunteering. These environmental efforts are just the start of a much larger body of work here at Ally. We are laying the foundation to position Ally as a leader through greener operations, sustainable financing, and environmental volunteerism. Fostering our do it right culture. Strong culture attracts the best people and serves as the foundation for inclusivity, creativity and stronger operational results. This provides purpose to what we do and ultimately drives long-term value for all the constituents we serve. At the core of our culture is an obsession to “Do It Right” for our customers and communities. A consistent set of core LEAD values shapes who we are and how we operate. We put our customers’ financial well-being at the center of everything we do, and our LEAD values push us to tirelessly innovate – enabling Ally to better serve the needs of our customers. Our culture is living, breathing, and constantly changing. As I look back at Ally’s transformation, the evolution of our culture is the area from which I draw the most pride. We’ve welcomed perspectives and individuals from all walks of life, striving to give them an opportunity to contribute, grow and further their career aspirations. As a result, the strength of our team is the strongest it has ever been. Moreover, to drive greater alignment of shared success, we’ve focused on fostering a founder’s mentality through an #OwnIt Grant. Under this program, each of our teammates receives shares of Ally stock, making them owners and participants in our broader success. This has the added benefit of driving higher engagement and plays a critical role in ensuring our teammates act and execute as owners. During 2021, the theme of essentialism remained part of our approach, and we pushed for innovation while remaining mindful of where and how we are spending our time, energy, and capital. Operating within the sociallydistanced, virtual work environment sheds new light on being disciplined with time and resource allocation. While most of our workforce continued to work remotely in 2021, we placed strong emphasis on maintaining the culture that makes Ally so special—where teammates have purposeful careers, a sense of belonging and feel empowered to make a difference. We invest in our talent and their development, ensuring we have the right individuals with the right skills to continue to service our customers right, as evidenced by our 26% mobility rate and increase in technology roles. As a result, our engagement scores have been within the top 10% of all companies that participated in the survey for 2020 and 2021 with an enterprise score of 84, and our strong employee retention rate was approximately 86%. Ally’s commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion is embedded in our culture and was an integral piece to our success in 2021. During the year, Ally expanded our Diversity, Equity & Inclusion programming and named diversity champions who push inclusion efforts into business operations. Our eight Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) shined a light on important topics and led transformative conversations including navigating racial injustice and overcoming unique obstacles. We also launched a new Financial and Social Inclusion video series and a new educational platform to help our employees understand complex topics and the impacts of unconscious bias. Our efforts to raise awareness and move from listening to action is resonating internally and externally with 43% of employees voluntarily enrolled as ERG members and our organization being recognized for the first time as a DiversityInc. Top 50 Company for diversity. In addition to making an impact in our workplace, our employees are empowered to make an impact in our communities. They have a strong track record of generously giving back to our communities, and our collective efforts open pathways to economic mobility. Over the past 10 years, employees have volunteered over 100,000 hours and donated nearly $5 million. This year, Ally hosted our third-annual Moguls in the Making competition, which brought innovative and impactful solutions generated by students from historically black colleges and universities to underserved communities. Our contribution of $50 million to the Ally Charitable Foundation endowment is another point of pride, and it will continue to drive positive and lasting impacts in our communities. Strategic priorities. Our vision and strategic objectives continue to guide our growth and longterm priorities. As proven over the past several years and more recently against a backdrop of broader instability and economic uncertainty, we have built a strong, vibrant growing operating model that delivers results in a variety of economic and business cycles. We’ve pivoted to a new, exciting chapter of growth now in front of us, and we will continue to execute with a focus on the same values and priorities that have served us well over the past several years. Looking forward, we will maintain our long-term focus centered around the following strategic priorities: 01 Differentiate our company as a relentless ally for the financial well-being of our consumer and commercial customers 02 Leverage our “Do It Right” purposedriven culture as we drive enhanced value for our customers, communities, employees, and shareholders 03 Grow and diversify our leading auto, insurance, and digital-bank platforms through increased scale and expanded product solutions 04 Drive ongoing customer growth and relationship deepening 05 Operate under efficient, disciplined risk management and capital allocation approaches 06 Out-execute our competition and create differentiated advantages through continuous investment and evolution among our leading experiences, products and brand The road ahead. Perhaps more than ever before, the past year and a half has required more innovation and a stronger commitment to our long-term strategy. By remaining focused and purpose-driven, Ally generated some of the strongest returns in the banking industry, while simultaneously doing the right thing for our customers, employees, and communities. As I reflect on 2021, I want to end with gratitude for the remarkable results and impact we made together. Every part of the company contributed and it all boils down to two words – disciplined execution. The pride I have in our accomplishments is exceeded only in the confidence I have in our ability to continue driving long-term value for all stakeholders. In closing, I’m tremendously proud of the Ally team acting with purpose to “Do It Right” day-in and day-out. My executive leadership team was critical to our success in 2021 and I want to thank them for their dedication and leadership. I’m also grateful to the Board of Directors for their continued guidance and support. Lastly, thank you to all fellow shareholders for your confidence and investment in Ally. I am excited for the road ahead and making our company unmistakably associated as an ally in all we do. We passed our inflection point, and our journey together with sustained growth in 2022 and beyond is looking bright.

Jeffrey J. Brown

Chief Executive Officer
