Dear Fellow Shareholders, I’m pleased to share with you that Ameriprise Financial had another excellent year in 2021. Our progress was both significant and consistent with the strategy we have been executing over many years. We’ve grown thoughtfully as a financial services leader that delivers an exceptional client experience while generating a differentiated level of outperformance across market cycles. We work diligently every day to achieve our mission of helping clients feel confident about their financial futures. Individual and institutional investors globally rely on us to provide critical perspective and insight to help them achieve their financial goals. We develop personal relationships built on trust and leading capabilities, backed by a firm with an excellent financial foundation. Many of us will recall 2021 as the second year of a global pandemic with all the related challenges and opportunities. Throughout this period, Ameriprise stood by our clients and benefited from our leading capabilities to ensure we could stay focused on our clients’ needs and serve them holistically. We also continued to prioritize the health and safety of our Ameriprise team — our employees and advisors — who remained resilient, engaged and motivated. Aided by positive equity markets, our clear focus on driving organic growth and identifying strategic opportunities led to outstanding performance. In fact, we delivered record financial results and another new high for assets under management and administration at $1.4 trillion, up 29% from a year ago. And importantly, we continued to add to our outstanding 16-year record of generating and protecting shareholder value. For perspective, the total shareholder return of Ameriprise Financial common stock ranks third in the S&P Financials Index since we became a public company in 2005. And in 2021, we added to our track record. The total shareholder return of Ameriprise Financial common stock in 2021 was 58%, far outpacing the S&P 500 Financials Index and the S&P 500 Index. For those of you who have been shareholders since our spin-off or are newer to Ameriprise, we appreciate your confidence and support. A legacy built on strong, long-term relationships At Ameriprise, we care deeply about our clients and the personal relationships we build for the long term. The quality — and longevity — of our relationships have always defined us and are core to our success. In 2021, we extended this legacy and stood by our clients, as we have for many decades, helping them navigate the complexities of the environment and stay on course. The strong relationships that form within our client experience are also reflected in our industry recognition. Proudly, we continued to be recognized for how we serve clients, including being ranked as the No. 1 Most Trusted Wealth Manager in the U.S.1 And that recognition extends to our service teams, who were recognized for the third consecutive year by J.D. Power for providing “An Outstanding Customer Service Experience” for phone support,2 as well as our investment teams, who won numerous awards in the U.S., Europe and Asia for their performance. Executing our strategy and driving differentiated results The market backdrop in the U.S. was quite positive in 2021 as the economy grew with the recovery. Equity markets were strong overall. And while interest rates remained at historic lows, inflation was higher than expected, driven by the dynamics of the pandemic. As you can see on the chart on the following page, our financial results in 2021 were outstanding. Revenue increased 17%. Adjusted operating earnings were up 54%, with adjusted operating earnings per diluted share up 61%. And we were one of only a few financial services firms to generate a return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income, above 50%. These are record results, and for additional perspective, our higher-multiple growth businesses delivered 80% of our 2021 adjusted operating earnings, ex-unlocking, up from 72% in 2020, continuing the trend that we’ve driven over many years. Not only did the business and profitability grow significantly, but the contribution from our growth businesses also increased substantially, complemented by our high-quality Retirement & Protection businesses in terms of earnings and free cash flow. Benefiting from our balance sheet strength and flexibility At Ameriprise, our balance sheet and capital management have always been defining strengths. Our investment portfolio is high quality, and we maintain substantial liquidity as well as an appropriate excess capital position. Our business generates consistent free cash flow, and in 2021, we took additional steps to free up capital to accelerate our strategy, support long-term growth and generate shareholder value. This included reinsuring the vast majority of our fixed annuity block and acquiring BMO Financial Group’s EMEA asset management business. Strategic actions in 2021 • Acquired BMO Financial Group’s EMEA asset management business to meet growing client demand and extend our reach • Reinsured vast majority of RiverSource Fixed Annuity book to free up capital to redeploy • Grew Ameriprise Bank, FSB to expand our Wealth Management capabilities and deepen client relationships n fact, 2021 was the 11th consecutive year of returning approximately 90% or more of our adjusted operating earnings to shareholders — a clear differentiator for Ameriprise. We raised our dividend another 9%, our 17th increase since becoming public in 2005. If you consider our capital return over the last five years, we’ve reduced our average weighted diluted share count by 29%, a significant accomplishment. Critically, we were able to provide this level of capital return while continuing to invest strongly in the business, make strategic acquisitions and maintain strong balance sheet fundamentals. While we’ve purposefully evolved over the years to meet the needs of a rapidly changing industry, our commitment to our mission has never wavered. I’m proud of what we’ve accomplished on behalf of our clients and all our constituents over these many years, and again in 2021. I’m confident we’re well positioned to continue to deliver differentiated value. I’ll now go into more detail about our businesses and our people, starting with Wealth Management, which performed exceptionally well. $1.4 trillion in assets under management and administration. An all-time high and up 29% from 2020. Strong growth in adjusted operating results Revenue $ in millions$13,861 $11,829 2020 2021 Earnings $ in millions$2,724 $1,770 2020 2021 Earnings per diluted share$22.70 $14.08 2020 2021 Return on equity excluding other comprehensive income 50.6% 30.2% 2020 2021 Building on our leadership position in Wealth Management Clients were highly engaged with us in 2021, turning to Ameriprise and our advisors for comprehensive advice to keep them on track to achieve their goals. Key to our approach is how we tailor the experience to each individual and family and bring the full breadth of the firm to bear to serve our clients’ needs. This includes our broad range of highperforming products and solutions, as well as extensive digital capabilities to help ensure our clients feel connected, informed and confident about achieving their most important goals. #1 Most Trusted Wealth Manager in the U.S.1 With the strategic investments we’ve made over many years and our expertise in planning, Ameriprise is delivering a truly differentiated and referable client experience. It has made us one of the leading wealth managers in the U.S., with client assets growing to $858 billion by year-end, a new high, with significant growth in clients with more than $500,000 in investable assets. The strength of our advice value proposition contributed to our excellent client satisfaction, as well as our increase in activity and flows. Our Wealth Management clients contributed more than $41 billion of net inflows in 2021, with more than $40 billion into investment advisory accounts, further solidifying Ameriprise as one of the leaders in the industry. For context, this level of client flows is more than double just two years ago. A powerful advisor force of 10,000+ focused on growth Our advisors are client focused, engaged, productive and growing their practices. At Ameriprise, we’re passionate about doing everything we can to help our advisors serve clients well, deepen relationships and stand out among their competitors. We provide them with extensive support, including a fully integrated system of technology capabilities, dedicated field leadership, training, coaching, compliance, and local and national marketing programs. The full suite of resources we provide our advisors once again led to significant productivity growth, up 18% from a year ago to nearly $800,000 in adjusted operating net revenue per advisor, an all-time high. We complemented this organic growth with targeted recruiting of experienced, productive advisors, welcoming another 325 advisors to Ameriprise in 2021. It was a dynamic year in recruiting as we returned to offering some in-person events while continuing our successful virtual programs. We’re consistently hearing great feedback from advisors considering Ameriprise. They’re impressed with our value proposition and everything we have in place to help them grow and serve their clients well. In fact, we recently surveyed hundreds of advisors who joined Ameriprise over the last few years. 90% said they have better client-facing technology and financial capabilities and are better able to serve and acquire clients at Ameriprise than with their prior firms. We’re honored to be a top destination for productive advisors who are attracted to our brand and value proposition. Building out Ameriprise Bank in an evolving rate environment We also continued to expand our banking capabilities through Ameriprise Bank, FSB, and provide additional retail banking services to our clients. Total assets grew substantially to $12.5 billion. We are building our bank as a key capability within Wealth Management and, in line with our plan, we moved additional deposits to the bank and adjusted our investment strategy for the rate environment. At the same time, we saw a nice pickup in demand for recently introduced lending solutions as we moved through the year, particularly our pledge loan product. It’s a good fit for our higher-net-worth clients looking for additional liquidity. We feel good about the progress with the bank, and we’re well positioned to grow further, including as we enter a rising rate environment. A significant year in Asset Management powered by our investment engine I’m pleased to report that 2021 was another standout year for our global asset management business. Similar to Wealth Management, we stayed focused on our clients’ needs and delivered an excellent experience. At year-end, AUM increased substantially to $754 billion. A key element of the transformation of our asset management business through the years has been the consistency of our strategy. We have steadily invested in the business, including across investments, operations, and our digital capabilities and data analytics. This has resulted in a powerful, global investment engine and significant progress deepening relationships with advisors and our distribution partner firms. Investment performance has always been core to our business. We’re an active manager known for our research intensity and thoughtful perspective and insights. I’m pleased to report that our investment teams at Columbia Threadneedle Investments delivered excellent performance in 2021 — a less volatile year from a market perspective but still one with plenty of uncertainty. Our strong results carried across equity, fixed income and asset allocation strategies with more than 80% of Columbia and Threadneedle funds above median on an asset weighted basis over 3-, 5- and 10-year time periods. And when we compare that to the broad group of U.S. peers we tracked, we performed at or near the top of the Lipper ratings for multiple time periods. With this excellent performance and our acquisition of BMO Financial Group’s EMEA asset management business that I will discuss in more detail shortly, Asset Management generated total net inflows of nearly $43 billion in 2021. It was the second consecutive year of net inflows, which is a testament to the breadth of our offering and the progress we are making in meeting our distribution-partner needs and extending our market share in our key markets of North America; Europe, Middle East and Africa; and Asia Pacific. A Top 35 Global Asset Manager with an expanding distribution reach and 133 and Morningstar-rated funds Regarding distribution, we continued to gain traction in a very competitive marketplace, particularly in U.S. Intermediary. We had strong net inflows in global retail, reflecting the significant progress in the U.S. where 13 strategies generated more than $1 billion in sales in the year. And in EMEA retail, we experienced net outflows as conditions remained challenging given the pandemic and continued pressure from Brexit. However, flows improved over the course of the year, which bodes well for 2022. In addition to our progress in retail, our institutional and solutions businesses continued gaining traction. We have a strong team across investments, sales, consultant relations and client service that deepened relationships with current clients, significantly expanded our number of consultant-rated strategies, and ultimately earned good mandate wins in each of our regions. We have built a strong institutional capability, and I feel good about both what we can provide to more investors and our sales growth pipeline. A highly complementary acquisition In November, we successfully acquired BMO Financial Group’s EMEA asset management business, which expanded our presence in the institutional market and added key investment capabilities and solutions to meet growing client demand. From an asset perspective, we added $136 billion, essentially doubling our EMEA business to where it now represents approximately 40% of total Asset Management AUM. And we established a strategic relationship with BMO Wealth Management in North America that we will work to build upon. We feel very good about our teams’ shared client focus. We are executing our plans well and effectively managing the integration. We’re energized by the capabilities we bring to market and focused on ensuring the transaction is seamless for our clients and our people. As I consider our asset management business, we have built a Top 35 global asset manager with a reputation as a client-focused, research-based active manager. We are driving profitable growth as part of Ameriprise and growing our market share in a very competitive industry. Further evolving our high-quality Retirement & Protection businesses In our Retirement & Protection Solutions business, we made meaningful progress in this continued low interest rate environment. We’ve built a high-quality business over decades that serves the long-term needs of Ameriprise clients and generates solid earnings and significant free cash flow. Our teams work closely with Wealth Management to help our advisors comprehensively serve clients, deepen relationships and grow their practices within our planning approach. We’ve enhanced our processes and overall experience for both policyholders and our advisors. From a strategic perspective, we’re focused on freeing up capital and growing our non-guaranteed retirement and asset-accumulation protection products that deliver benefits for clients and our shareholders. In 2021, we reinsured the vast majority of our fixed annuity block, which generated significant excess capital that we used to largely fund the BMO EMEA acquisition. And in terms of sales, we had good growth in our traditional non-living benefit variable annuity and our structured products, and we discontinued nearly all sales of living benefit products. On the insurance side, we continued to have a strong business. We shifted to our variable universal life and disability products from our fixed insurance, based on the low interest rate environment and are seeing strong sales growth. And we leveraged our strength in data and AI capabilities to continue to evolve our underwriting and streamline processes to improve the client-advisor experience and our risk controls. Overall, we have a high-quality, differentiated insurance and annuity business that is serving clients well while generating good free cash flow and returns. We’re delivering strong financial results that we believe are sustainable as the businesses are generating good risk-adjusted returns for the company. Excellent employee engagement, managing our business responsibly and supporting our communities At Ameriprise, we are proud of the high level of employee engagement our teams consistently demonstrate — it’s core to our caring culture. In fact, we consistently score above industry averages in our annual engagement survey and earn some of the highest scores across industries. An industry leader in employee engagement • 84% employee engagement • 90% leadership effectiveness C O M M I T T E D T O S T R E N G T H E N I N G OUR COMMUNITIES Ameriprise is dedicated to using the firm’s resources and talents to improve the lives of individuals and build strong communities. Through grants, volunteerism and employee and advisor gift matching programs, the company supports a diverse group of more than 7,600 nonprofits. 224 grants Helping meet basic needs and support community vitality across the country 107M meals More than a decade partnership with Feeding America and commitment to domestic hunger relief 50K volunteer hours Conducted two National Days of Service and provided virtual and in-person opportunities throughout the year, a 43% increase over 2020 $17M contributed Corporate, employee and advisor donations in 2021 And like so many other companies, we continued to adapt to the challenges of this ongoing pandemic. In true Ameriprise fashion, we stayed focused on our clients and adapted well. We began the year largely working from home and, as the year progressed, we returned to the office with a level of flexibility. It has been terrific being back together more. The team found a good balance and we’ve continued to adjust to the changing environment. Our culture of planning helped us navigate this transition effectively, and I’m proud of how well we executed over this period — caring for clients, each other, and the communities where we live and work. We’ve always managed our business responsibly and stayed focused on the interests of all our stakeholders. Our long-term business success and sustainability go hand-in-hand and we’re making good progress evolving our programs. Our top priorities remain talent development and retention; advancing our diversity, equity and inclusion programs; strong compliance and good governance; as well as data privacy and security. In addition, we are evolving our climate capabilities, managing our emissions as a low greenhouse gas emitter, and continuing to advance our reporting. I encourage you to review our 2022 Responsible Business Report on ameriprise.com to learn more about our approach to sustainability and the progress we are making. In terms of community, we’ve always believed strongly in giving back, and we continued to support our communities through targeted grants, volunteer activities and the generosity of our people. There was an even greater need in our communities with the pandemic and devastating weather events in 2021, and to help meet this need, we increased our grantmaking budget and employee giving match in the U.S. We also donated an additional 750,000 meals to our long-time partner Feeding America®. Well situated to continue our journey Ameriprise has a powerful value proposition, a talented team and a track record of delivering excellent results. We’re serving our clients’ financial needs well and focused on fostering even stronger relationships. Our businesses are performing well, with Advice and Wealth Management and Asset Management driving organic growth and generating excellent margins and returns. And our high-quality Retirement and Protection Solutions business is serving our clients’ comprehensive needs and generating good free cash flow and returns. To close, Ameriprise is extremely well positioned and the opportunity before us is large. I believe we have the foundational strength, executional focus and growth strategy in place to navigate the next phases of the pandemic and the market and economic conditions ahead. Importantly, we have the right team of people who care deeply about what we do for clients. Our differentiated track record for client satisfaction, engagement and growth is one we’re determined to build upon. On behalf of all the people of Ameriprise — our 11,000+ employees, 10,000+ advisors and my fellow members of the Ameriprise Financial Board of Directors — thank you for your trust and confidence in Ameriprise. We will continue to do all we can to earn it. Respectfully,

James M. Cracchiolo 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
