DEAR SHAREHOLDERS: 

I am exceptionally proud of our 2021 performance, which was one of the best in the company’s history thanks to the unwavering dedication and outstanding work of our colleagues around the world. We achieved strong results by staying focused on our strategy of investing in our customers, brand, and colleagues, which is helping in our efforts to drive share, scale and relevance that leads to profitable growth. Here are key highlights from 2021 that reinforce my confidence in our strategy and our future:

Grew revenue 17 percent year over year to $42.4 billion.

Delivered net income of $8.1 billion and earnings per share of $10.02.

Achieved record levels of Card Member spending, with billed business increasing 25% to $1.09 trillion, led by strength in Goods and Services spending globally.

Maintained strong levels of customer retention and satisfaction, which remained above pre-pandemic levels, and received the #1 ranking in the J.D. Power 2021 U.S. Credit Card Satisfaction Study for the 11th time in 15 years.

Continued to expand our merchant network, adding over 7 million merchant locations outside the United States while maintaining virtual parity acceptance in the U.S.

Posted strong loan growth, while maintaining outstanding credit performance with key metrics near historical lows.

Returned $9 billion of capital to shareholders in 2021 through buybacks and dividends and announced plans to raise our common share dividend by approximately 20 percent, from 43 cents to 52 cents, in the first quarter of 2022.

Our performance in 2021 was the result of strategies we had put in place prior to the pandemic, our efforts to support our customers and colleagues since the start of the pandemic, and the moves we made to seize on growth opportunities that emerged toward the end of 2020. During 2021, we significantly revved up our marketing investments to drive Card Member acquisitions, enhance our value propositions and attract new Card Members. We resumed our product refresh cycle, first with the newly enhanced U.S. consumer Platinum Card® in July, followed by the U.S. business Platinum Card® in October. These product refreshes have yielded strong results, with acquisitions for both these card products reaching all-time highs in the fourth quarter of 2021. Our value propositions have resonated particularly well among younger customers, with Millennial and Gen Z customers representing about 60 percent of the new consumer accounts we acquired globally in 2021. We achieved this strong performance during unprecedented times where we continue to be faced with many destabilizing forces impacting the global economy. New COVID-19 variants have presented challenges to economic recovery efforts; geopolitical insecurity is on the rise; fears of inflation have sparked increased market volatility; cyber actors pose a threat to public and private sector entities alike; and climate events have become more regular and destructive. In addition, as we publish this letter, the world has yet again entered unprecedented territory with the crisis in Ukraine and the devastating human suffering we have been witnessing. As the world adjusts to this ever-shifting landscape, American Express continues to evolve its strategy to mitigate risks, innovate our value propositions, and enhance our brand. We have and will remain focused on executing against our objectives, meeting the needs of our customers, colleagues, and communities, and continuing to build on our positive momentum.

We Win as a Team 

Underpinning our exceptional performance in 2021 is our 64,000 colleagues globally who work every day to deliver the best products, services, and experiences to our customers. Our colleagues are the lifeblood of American Express and what makes our company and culture so special. That’s why when I first became Chairman and CEO four years ago, we created the “Framework for Winning” with my executive leadership team to guide our strategy, putting “Winning as a Team” front and center. That starts with backing our colleagues. As demonstrated by our performance, if our colleagues feel energized and supported, they will take great care of our customers who are key to our business and growth. That in turn should lead to business success and generate compelling returns for our shareholders. ii The organizations that are most successful at bringing in and keeping the best talent are those that have a laser focus on providing a meaningful and rewarding work experience. As we continued to invest in our colleagues throughout the pandemic, our results have shown that we were even more successful and efficient than ever, while fostering an environment which allows us to attract and retain the best talent. By facing each day with a strong sense of purpose, our colleagues are growing, learning, and leading the way together.

Our New Way of Working 

During the last two years, the executive leadership team and I have spent a significant amount of time listening to our colleagues to inform our strategy for our eventual return to the office. In October, we announced Amex Flex, our new model of working that combines the benefits of both virtual and in-person experiences and provides colleagues more freedom to manage their professional and personal lives while leveling the playing field across jobs and locations. Our colleagues remained productive during the pandemic, which required us to become even more agile in how we work, and our new Amex Flex model will enable us to continue that trend while building loyalty over the long term. Offering flexibility has always been a part of our culture. In fact, our approach has been informed by the learnings from my executive leadership team. Prior to the pandemic, the entire Executive Committee purposefully gathered for in-person meetings one week of every month. This dedicated time together enabled us to collaborate and enhance our relationships. That philosophy of coming in for purpose has guided our return to office strategy. While many aspects of our work lives changed during the pandemic, flexibility has always been part of our culture. In fact, before the pandemic around 20 percent of our U.S. workforce was already virtual. It’s clear that this will remain a lasting fixture of how we operate going forward. Since we announced Amex Flex, the majority of our colleagues in the U.S. have chosen a hybrid schedule, which means they will come into the office about two days per week and work virtually for the rest, while more than 40% have opted to be fully virtual, a percentage that has doubled over the last two years. We began the initial rollout of Amex Flex in March in our New York headquarters with additional locations set to welcome back colleagues over the next several months. As we think about the future of work, we see the role of the physical office evolving. The vast majority of colleagues have told us through our surveys that having regular in-person interaction is important, but my message to our colleagues is to come to the office with a purpose. Our time in the office will be spent connecting with each other, holding group meetings, and focusing on building relationships, networking, and mentoring. With a larger number of our colleagues working from different locations, we are focused on creating an environment that seamlessly enables virtual and in-person colleagues to work together. With this in mind, we have been upgrading our physical workspaces to reflect this new reality with state-of-the-art technology and tools to drive collaboration. Ultimately, our goal is to achieve the best of both worlds – recapturing the creativity and relationship building of working together in person, while also retaining the flexibility and progress we have made together in a virtual environment.

Backing our Colleagues 

In addition to providing our colleagues with more flexibility through Amex Flex, we back our colleagues with a world class value proposition. We continue to raise the bar, including in the areas of leading benefits programs, increasing opportunities for internal mobility and development, enhancing our diversity and inclusion efforts, and providing competitive compensation. We focus on facilitating colleagues’ career growth by helping them develop new skills and gain new experiences, including by supporting them in changing roles in the company. In 2021, nearly 10,000 colleagues moved into new roles. We also continue to invest in our inclusive culture, which we consider a critical component of our colleague experience. Building a culture that reflects the diversity of the customers and communities we serve fuels innovation and drives engagement. Last year, we once again achieved our commitment to maintain 100% pay equity for colleagues across genders globally and across races and ethnicities in the U.S. We also became a leader in the level of transparency we provide on the diversity of our workforce, as we publicly disclosed information on hiring, promotions, and retention for the first time last year. We are committed to continuing to invest in our colleagues and their wellbeing to further differentiate American Express as an innovative workplace and enable us to attract the best talent.

Backing Our Communities 

We’re also committed to backing our communities. In 2021, we developed a new roadmap for our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) strategy, which comprises Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DE&I), Financial Confidence, and Climate Solutions pillars, with long-term goals and initiatives to guide our efforts in the years ahead and provide a shared sense of purpose for our work. These build on our previously announced goals, including our $1 billion DE&I Action Plan we announced in late 2020, our longstanding support of small businesses, and maintaining carbon neutral operations since 2018. As of the end of 2021, we have already completed $800 million of our $1 billion DE&I Action Plan commitment through spending with diverse suppliers as well as on contributions to programs that support underrepresented groups and other activities. As part of our new ESG goals for Financial Inclusion, we have set a goal of driving $100 billion in consumer spending at small businesses through 2025. In 2021 alone, we committed $100 million toward achieving this consumer spending goal through our Shop Small® campaign, and our annual Small Business Saturday® initiative reached an all-time high with approximately $23.3 billion in reported consumer spending in the U.S. on the day. To help address one of the most consequential threats facing the world, climate change, we have committed to net-zero emissions by 2035, in addition to providing financial support to programs and partnerships that address the adverse effects of climate change. These are among the many wide-ranging commitments and initiatives we have underway to drive our ESG priorities forward. We believe we have a responsibility to mobilize our resources and people to contribute to a sustainable, inclusive, and prosperous future for our colleagues, customers, and communities. As we monitor the rapidly developing situation in Ukraine, our values continue to guide us, and we are working hard to do what’s right for our colleagues, customers and communities. As always, our priority is the safety and wellbeing of our colleagues, and we are also taking steps to back our impacted customers and communities. To support humanitarian relief efforts, American Express has provided $1 million in aid and is matching colleague contributions to non-profit organizations, providing much needed assistance to people in the region who have been displaced and suffered inconceivable loss.

Looking Ahead 

We are mindful that the world is facing new uncertainties as a result of the current geopolitical situation. While it is difficult to predict the potential impacts on the global economy over the longer term, it’s important to remember that the momentum we have and our brand strength, has been built over decades. We are entering 2022 in a position of strength, and we intend to continue investing at high levels to maintain our growth trajectory. Based on our strong 2021 performance and strategic momentum, we introduced a new growth plan in January, backed by continued investments at elevated levels in our customers, brand, and talent, and raised our aspiration to generate sustainable revenue and earnings growth over the long term. My confidence in our plan is based on a combination of our strategy, our growth momentum and secular shifts. As we’ve demonstrated throughout 2021, our strategy is working. Our premium value propositions are attracting younger customers. We had one of our best years ever in acquiring U.S. small and medium business accounts and remain the largest issuer of small business cards in the U.S. Online and card-not-present spending grew by double digits, customer retention levels remained extremely high, and overall spending and digital engagement increased. We saw an opportunity to bring new digital “beyond the card” offerings to our small business customers with our acquisition in 2020 of Kabbage’s digital cash management platforms. Building on this strategy, we introduced American Express® Business Checking, our first checking product for U.S. small businesses, and we launched flexible lines of credit for eligible small businesses to help manage their cash flow. Looking ahead, we’re seeing several additional tailwinds that present opportunities for us, such as travel and entertainment recovery. While international consumer spending has recovered more slowly than consumer spending in the U.S., it is poised to accelerate with an improving global economy. We also continue to see increasing consumer confidence that is driving spending and loan growth, and we expect to continue to benefit from strong goods and services spending and the secular shift to online commerce.

Large and global commercial customer spending has yet to recover to pre-pandemic levels, but er expect to see growth as more companies return to the office. More broadly, we see the increase in hybrid and virtual work across the business world changing the future of corporation travel, which continues to recover. As more people work remotely – some of them in locations outside of their home office locations – there will be greater need to travel to the office for periodic meetings with their teams or to visit their clients located in other parts of the country.

Stepping back, what stands out most to me about performance is that it was driven by the contributions of a few individuals. It is the culmination of the collaboration, hard work and commitment of our colleagues, who I am proud to have the great privilege of leading. I am confident that we have the right people and the right strategy in the place to continue winning as a team for years to come. 



Stephen J. Squeri

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
