To our shareholders, 

To our clients, 

To my teammates, 

To leaders and partners in the communities we serve, 

It is my pleasure to share with you the 2021 Bank of America Annual Report.

The following pages detail how, over the past year, your company once again fulfilled our purpose to make financial lives better—and did so in a way that benefitted clients, teammates, shareholders and society alike. Against a backdrop of the global pandemic and its ongoing challenges, we delivered Responsible Growth. With that in mind, I begin this report by thanking my 208,000 teammates around the world whose efforts and dedication made this all possible. While thanking my teammates overall, I particularly join them in thanking three senior colleagues who were instrumental in our success over the last several years and retired at the end of 2021— Anne Finucane, Tom Montag and Andrea Smith. These leaders delivered for our employees and our shareholders and were truly great colleagues. One of the testaments to their leadership was their work to develop strong talent to succeed them and continue the company’s mission. You can see on page 13 our current management team reflecting their development efforts. I would also like to thank our Board of Directors, and our Lead Independent Director, Lionel Nowell III, for their leadership. We also recognize and give our appreciation to Tom May and Sue Bies, two directors who are retiring and will not stand for reelection at our annual shareholders’ meeting. Tom came to a predecessor company’s board in 1994. He became a board member of Bank of America in 2004 and led our Audit and Corporate Governance, ESG and Sustainability Committees as chair. Sue became a board member in 2009 at the height of the financial crisis. Both of these colleagues have provided tremendous wisdom to all of us. Lionel offers his perspective on our company’s performance in 2021, and his outlook for the future, on page 10. By virtually any measure, 2021 was a successful year for our company and you, our shareholders. We earned a record $32.0 billion, or $3.57 per diluted share, on $89.1 billion in revenue. We increased total assets to $3.2 trillion as we grew deposits to more than $2 trillion. Asset quality remained strong with net charge-offs of customer loans nearing a 50-year low. We maintained high levels of capital and liquidity. For the year, our stock price increased 47%, outpacing the S&P 500 and the broader bank index. Whether you are a new shareholder or someone who has held the stock for many years, our stock has performed well. At year-end 2021, our 3-, 5-, and 10-year stock price improvement all outperformed the broader bank index, and our 10-year performance was over 700%.

We also increased our quarterly stock dividend by 17%. Including share repurchases, we returned nearly $32 billion in capital back to shareholders in 2021. In thinking about the work your team has done, I thought the following chart would give some perspective. Starting with our beginning base of common equity at January 1, 2010, you will note across the 12 years, we have earned $177 billion of net income, paid out $53 billion in common and preferred dividends, and had net buybacks of $86 billion, for a total return of capital of $139 billion. So while providing all the support for clients and communities and producing these shareholder returns, our $245 billion of common equity is still 18% stronger than the 2010 starting point. The reduction in shares outstanding is also noteworthy, moving from 9.9 billion in 2010 to less than 8.1 billion as we ended 2021. So a shareholder who kept his or her shares from 2010 until now owns about 18% more of the company. And, over the same time period, our book value per share is 46% higher.

Even with all that capital return, we still have an extremely strong capital position, witnessed by our common equity tier 1 (CET1) ratio of 10.6%, well above our minimum requirements. As we think about our core operations in 2021, we returned to delivering the organic growth experienced prior to the pandemic. Across our eight lines of business, we once again deepened relationships with existing clients and earned the trust of new ones. We deployed our capabilities, expertise and balance sheet to help our clients achieve their financial goals. We focused on the needs of our clients—one client at a time—and held client experience scores at near-record highs. While supporting clients, we also invested to support our teammates around the globe, as part of our commitment to being a great place to work. We expanded benefits and resources to promote health, wellness and safety for our teammates and their families. See more in the “Making our company a great place to work” section of this letter.

We also delivered for communities to help them thrive. We will discuss the many ways we did this throughout this report, and we provide an update on the Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics that we first reported upon in last year’s report. Examples of outcomes we have delivered include: helping business clients prepare for and transition toward a low-carbon future, promoting greater racial equality and economic opportunity wherever we operate, and tripling our affordable homeownership commitment to help more low- to moderate-income clients build generational wealth through the purchase of a home.

All of this—and so much more—helped us achieve the best year of earnings in company history. And we did it all by delivering Responsible Growth.

Responsible Growth 

Responsible Growth is how we drive our company. 

It has four straightforward tenets:

We must grow and win in the market, no excuses.

We must grow with a customer focus.

We must grow within our risk framework.

We must grow in a sustainable manner. And, to grow in a sustainable manner, we must drive operational excellence, make our company a great place to work, and share our success with communities. 

In 2021, our company executed well on each of these tenets. 

Here’s how we did it.

Grow and win in the market, no excuses 

The acid test of our success is market share growth achieved by both adding new clients and doing more with the clients we have. In the years leading up to the pandemic, our company had been delivering strong organic growth driven by the power of our franchise and our brand, our best-in-class relationship teams, our great products and our industryleading digital capabilities. When the worldwide health crisis hit in 2020, we deployed our resources and capabilities to meet the rapidly-evolving financial needs of our clients, in addition to providing support for our teammates and communities. As the economy rebounded from the 2020 lows, we’ve seen client activity normalize and accelerate. In 2021, we saw our organic growth engine kick back in. We grew deposits by $269 billion to a record $2.1 trillion. We grew loans by $51 billion in the most recent quarter, the fastest rate in our history—with the exception of the rapid drawdowns on commercial lines of credit we experienced early in the pandemic. For retail clients, which includes our Consumer as well as Wealth Management clients, deposits grew to $1.4 trillion and we retained our spot as the top bank in the country by retail deposits. Importantly, we added nearly 1 million net new checking accounts, which are predominantly core transaction accounts for our clients. At the same time, we added more than half a million new Consumer Investment accounts as a growing number of clients chose to invest and manage their funds through Merrill Edge, our well-established digital investment platform. This helped Consumer Investment assets grow 20% over the course of 2021. And we added millions of new credit card accounts. We strengthened our leadership positions in both our hightech and high-touch channels. We saw record engagement across our digital channels, which I will discuss later in this letter. And while digital customer behavior increased, we also recognize the continued need for a strong physical delivery network supporting all our businesses. We continued our geographical financial center expansion work in 2021, bringing our brand to new cities while also optimizing our presence in existing markets. In 2021, we refreshed nearly 400 financial centers and opened 82 financial centers, 41 of which were in our expansion markets, including Denver, Minneapolis, Indianapolis, Pittsburgh as well as locations in Ohio and Kentucky. We continued to gain retail deposit market share in key markets. In 25 of the top 30 markets across America, we remain ranked the #1, #2, or #3 bank. In 16 of those markets—more than three times the number of our closest peer—we are the #1 bank. We are focused on growth with efficiency, i.e., adding branches and gaining scale in markets effectively rather than spreading them around. For example, in Minneapolis we have approximately $3 billion in deposits from our Retail business and are the #7 position in the market. We did not have a retail presence in Minneapolis prior to 2015. And average deposit size in branches is $217 million, already 1.4 times the average in the industry. This shows the strength of our brand. During the year, we also continued to enhance our flagship loyalty program, Preferred Rewards, which recognizes and rewards clients for doing business with us across all products. Preferred Rewards memberships grew to 9.4 million, an 11% year-over-year increase, and we once again saw 99% retention rates from our members. We also delivered products and personalized care to help our 11 million business owner clients achieve their financial goals. We continue to be among the nation’s largest Small Business lenders, ending 2021 with $22 billion in total outstanding loans. Small Business clients benefitted from our awardwinning digital tools and the advice of Business Advantage specialists in 2,400 financial centers. At the same time, we continued to innovate and enhance the products and services we offer to merchants, driving new clients and additional volume through our Merchant Services platform. In our wealth management business—Merrill and The Private Bank—we saw record client flows during 2021 of $149 billion. Total client assets ended the year at $3.8 trillion, up 15% from 2020. Profit margins in the business lead the industry. Importantly, we continued to drive holistic client relationships as deposits in our Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM) business grew to $390 billion, up more than 20%. Standalone, our GWIM business would be a top 10 U.S. bank by deposits. Average loans also grew during 2021 to nearly $200 billion, having grown now for 47 straight quarters, even throughout the pandemic. For commercial and corporate clients, we raised $963 billion in capital in 2021 to help them build new manufacturing facilities, hire workers, and evolve their business models to meet future opportunities—including their transition to more sustainable operations. So as one considers the capital repurchases shown in the earlier chart, one might ask, “Should we have used the capital we used for buybacks to help our clients?” The answer is: we did that, too. During the same 12-year period in which we returned $139 billion of capital to shareholders, we also provided $8.6 trillion in capital raising for our corporate clients. Commercial loan balances grew 9% to $543 billion during 2021. We helped companies manage their cash and saw our Global Transaction Services revenue grow to more than $7.2 billion. And our Investment Banking team had three of its best quarters in the company’s history in 2021, leading to a record $8.9 billion in investment banking fees. In our Global Markets business, our teams also had a very strong year amid continued market volatility. Our sales and trading revenue of more than $15 billion was the best in a decade. We continue to invest in this business, most notably by deploying more than $150 billion in additional balance sheet to support client growth. In 2021, each of our businesses contributed to our record results and we grew and won in the market. 

Grow with a customer focus 

The second tenet of Responsible Growth is to grow with a customer focus. Our growth has to be organic: For nearly 30 years, a bank with 10% or more of the deposits in the U.S. has not been permitted to acquire a U.S. deposit taking institution. Our growth comes from focusing upon and fulfilling client needs. We focus on what they need and the service and relationship quality we must bring to them to meet their needs. We also focus on all the ways to serve—high-tech and high-touch—it is our advantage to have massively-scaled platforms in each area. In 2021, we saw record client engagement across our hightech digital platforms. Our continued growth in digital enrollment and engagement has been instrumental to our success in deepening client relationships while reducing costs and driving greater efficiencies across our businesses. In Consumer, we added 2 million active digital banking users during 2021, the fastest annual numerical growth in digital users in our company’s history. As of the end of the year, we had 54 million verified users with 41 million active, i.e., engaged in the past 90 days. Those users logged into their accounts 10.5 billion times during 2021. In addition to helping clients manage their accounts, digital has been a key driver of our sales. For example, in the fourth quarter of 2021, 86% of all deposit transactions were digital. At the same time, 46% of all consumer sales came through digital channels, up from 32% pre-pandemic. During the past five years, all product sales have been fully digitally enabled to allow this growth to happen. You can open a checking account, get a mortgage, get a home equity loan, a credit card or invest, all through a fully digital process. We also see more and more clients turning to Erica®, our artificial intelligence (AI)-based virtual financial assistant, for help keeping up with managing their finances. In 2021, total Erica interactions from our clients increased threefold to 427 million. We continued to expand Erica’s capabilities to make it easier for clients to manage their financial lives. Erica has proven to be a critical channel in helping us deliver important information to clients and addressing their questions and concerns in real-time. So what is Erica? Natural language processing, AI, data aggregation and analysis sitting on a massive infrastructure to deliver in real-time the “answer” to any question. But it is useful beyond clients as it can help our teammates work better. Erica is also a part of our operational platform, delivering efficiencies and reducing manual intervention to help our client-facing teammates. For example, our Erica-driven BankerAssist internal platform is saving our Global Banking teams 40,000 hours of work each year, and reducing their client response times by two-thirds.

The power of our digital tools is also changing the way clients send and receive money. During 2021, the number of clients who are active Zelle® users—both consumers and small businesses—increased 23% to 15.8 million. These users sent and received $231 billion in payments over the course of the year, a 64% increase over 2020. To put our Zelle volumes into perspective, the 779 million Zelle transactions made by our clients during the year surpassed the number of paper check transactions written by our clients for the first time. So why is that important? The check numbers have dropped more than 25% over the past two years. Not processing paper checks saves us money to invest in other activities. It is one of the ways we have been working to reduce the $5 billion level of cash/check and related expense we cited in 2017. It continues to fall. The costs get reinvested in more productive activities. Our digital capabilities have also been a powerful driver of client engagement and satisfaction within our wealth management businesses. Our Merrill clients are 79% digitally active while our Private Bank clients are 85% digitally active. And, we continue to make steady progress with clients accepting paperless statements across the franchise. As face-to-face meetings returned in part from their 2020 hiatus, our advisors continued to leverage the strength of our digital platforms to connect with, and address the individual needs of, our clients. In the fourth quarter of 2021 alone, our Merrill Lynch advisors sent 1.5 million secure messages to our clients, and our clients signed 230,000 forms digitally— 47% of all eligible transactions. This is all simply easier for our clients. Our commercial clients, too, are using our digital capabilities to manage their company’s finances from wherever they are—and they’re doing it in record numbers. In 2021, we saw a 55% increase in active users of our CashPro app. With a simple tap on their phone (or even their watch), those users—CFOs and finance leaders from companies around the world—approved $384 billion in payments during 2021, a 119% increase in approval volumes over the previous year. We continue to deliver new capabilities to help support finance operations for our commercial clients. In January 2022, we launched CashPro Forecasting, a tool that uses AI and machine learning technology to more accurately and efficiently predict clients’ future cash positions. The digital strength and success we demonstrated in 2021— including the many industry awards and recognition we received—did not happen overnight. It is the product of years of investment and innovation. In the 12 years cited above, we have invested more than $35 billion in new technology initiatives, including code development and related initiatives, to build a powerful, more secure and scalable technology platform with market-leading capabilities. This platform has helped us deliver a best-in-class digital experience for our clients, and efficient operating platform for our teammates. It is also a key driver in cost reduction for our company.

Innovation remains a top priority for our company. In 2022, we plan to continue by investing another $3.5 billion in initiatives to enhance our platform, fund next-gen projects, and extend our digital leadership into the future. As important as our digital capabilities are, we also continue to focus on delivering expert support and guidance across our high-touch network. And, in 2021, we served our clients well through our nationwide network of 4,200 financial centers and 16,000 ATMs as well as on the phone, in our offices and through our chat capabilities. As I mentioned before, our client experience scores during the year held near-record highs. I’d like to add a special thanks to my teammates working in financial centers—our essential workers—who have continued to serve our clients’ everyday financial needs and, in so doing, support the economic wellness of our communities every day in this pandemic. Another way we grow with a client focus is by delivering an award-winning suite of products and services tailored to our clients’ unique financial needs. And, over the past year, we have continued to enhance our product portfolio to support our retail clients. Our no overdraft account (SafeBalance™ Banking) now has over 3 million clients. We continue to develop capabilities to help our clients manage their money more easily. We provide best-in-class financial wellness learning through Better Money Habits®. We have delivered an alternative to pay-day lending through our Balance Assist™ loan product. Our Life Plan® capability is another key part of how we are helping clients manage their financial lives. Life Plan helps clients identify their individual financial goals, and allows us to deliver personalized insight—through our mobile app and expert advice from our specialists—to help them achieve those goals. We launched Life Plan in September 2020 and, by the end of 2021, more than 6.3 million clients have used it to set goals and track their progress. It remains one of the fastest product rollouts in our company’s history, and is helping us build and support long-term relationships with millions of clients. To help guide our efforts to meet our consumer clients’ and communities’ needs, we founded our National Community Advisory Council (NCAC) 16 years ago. During 2021, the NCAC continued to provide an important external perspective to help us understand, design and deliver products to help meet the needs of our communities—particularly low- to moderate-income communities. We talk more about the role of the NCAC on page 33.

Grow within our risk framework 

A decade-plus of managing risk through a well-understood framework positioned us to be a source of strength for our clients, teammates and communities when the health crisis hit in 2020. Against the backdrop of an unprecedented economic decline during the pandemic, we built up significant reserves for potential credit losses. In 2021, as the economy recovered, we released $6.8 billion of those reserves as our credit losses hit historic lows. Importantly, while reserves were built in 2020 and reduced in 2021 due to accounting rules, the credit risk in our company continues to be managed extremely well. You can see in the chart below a 12-year view of net charge-offs—the losses we actually take. They reached a 50-year low during 2021. Effective risk management means we take the right risk, through the right processes and controls, to grow our business while also protecting our balance sheet. It is key to driving the type of record loan growth we saw in 2021 and positioning ourselves for long-term success. The right risk is also key to delivering strong results in the markets. In 2021, our Global Markets teams navigated volatile markets to deliver strong sales and trading results, with only nine days of trading losses throughout the entire year. And we supported the needs of our institutional clients through dynamic market environments. Recognizing and managing risk is integral to how my teammates drive Responsible Growth every day. That applies to the 8,000-plus teammates in our Risk, Compliance and Audit functions as well as all of my teammates worldwide. It is core to who we are. We continue to promote a culture of risk management at every level of the company, and mitigate operational risk through our focus on operational excellence. 

Grow in a sustainable manner 

To drive Responsible Growth, our growth must be sustainable. That means three things. First, we drive operational excellence so we can reinvest the savings produced in our capabilities, our teammates and our communities. Second, we do all we can to be a great place to work for our teammates so we can attract and retain the best talent to serve our clients. Third, we share our success so we can support the communities in which we work and live. 

Driving operational excellence 

Operational excellence is how we create the means to reduce costs across our platform and reinvest savings into the things that are important to us: our team, our capabilities, our client experience, our communities and our shareholders. By pursuing operational excellence, we drive continuous improvement, reduce risk, and identify faster, simpler and more efficient ways of working and serving our clients. Our focus on operational excellence has helped us maintain expense discipline and reduce unnecessary jobs as the number of clients we serve each day—and therefore the amount and type of work our team does—has grown significantly. For perspective, the chart below shows how the team has effectively managed this across time. Assets have grown $939 billion, while our headcount was reduced 26% and expense is 16% lower,1 even after absorbing inflation and cost-of-living type increases. Over the same period, we have invested billions in technology initiatives, added new sales teammates, opened more than 400 new financial centers and renovated almost 2,400 more. And for 2020–2021, we’ve added more than $1 billion net each year in COVID-related expenses to support the health and safety of our teammates and ensure our company can continue to deliver for our clients and communities. Despite continued high levels of investment, we grew revenue faster than expenses in the second half of 2021 and saw the return to the positive operating leverage we experienced prior to the pandemic—when we achieved that for 18 straight quarters. As we look to 2022 and beyond— amid a strengthening economy and expected rising interest rates—we expect that our success driving operational excellence will continue to provide powerful leverage and help us deliver for all those we serve while continuing our investment in the future of the franchise.

Making our company a great place to work 

Attracting and retaining top talent is a critical part of how we deliver for our clients and our communities. That is particularly true in the current tight labor market. In 2021, we continued to invest to make our company a great place to work for all teammates. You can read more about how we are investing in teammates in our Human Capital Management update on pages 38–51. Amid the ongoing pandemic, these investments included expanded benefits and resources to support the health and safety of our teammates and their families. We offered free coronavirus testing, paid time-off for teammates to receive vaccinations and boosters, and vaccination clinics in our offices around the world, just to name a few. Another way we make our company a great place to work is by fostering a diverse and inclusive (D&I) workplace. We want our workforce to reflect the communities we serve across all dimensions. And in 2021, we made important progress toward that goal. The policies we put in place around our D&I efforts help promote transparency, accountability and continued progress. We embed diverse representation into manager scorecards. We use third-parties to validate equal pay for equal work. And, importantly, we ask our teammates every year to tell us how we are doing. In the 2021 employee survey, our employee engagement and D&I index scores were near-record highs. Recognizing and rewarding performance is another priority for us. We want teammates who are invested in our company and our clients, and we dedicate our time and resources to help them build long careers with us. That begins with providing a competitive starting wage and benefits. In 2021, we raised our U.S. minimum hourly wage to $21, on the path to our commitment of $25 by 2025. This means that any employee that starts work for our company makes at least $43,000 per year with some of the most comprehensive full-time benefits available. As I highlighted earlier, we also delivered special compensation awards to teammates for our performance in 2021, the fifth year we have done so. For 2021, we increased the value of the award to $1 billion, totaling nearly $3.3 billion in special compensation awards since 2017. Roughly 97% of our teammates received an award this year, with the vast majority receiving it in the form of Bank of America stock to help them share in our long-term success. This is over and above all other forms of compensation. We also continue to invest in our teammates through a progressive compensation model. Each year, teammates with lower salaries, on average, receive higher compensation increases as a percentage of salary when compared to employees with higher salaries. All teammates have been rewarded across time. The chart to the right shows the average annual wage increases for a teammate from 2010 through today.

We continue to provide higher company subsidies for medical premiums for teammates with lower salaries. In 2022, for the tenth consecutive year, there was no increase in medical premiums for teammates earning less than $50,000 per year. For all other teammates, the average increase in medical premiums has been less than trend growth in medical cost in the marketplace. So what is the payback for all this? As you can see on page 49, our turnover rate in 2021—the so called “great resignation year” —was 12%, comparable to 2019, and 20% below where we started in 2012. That difference is very beneficial to our shareholders and our clients.

Sharing our success 

For Responsible Growth to be sustainable, we must also share our success with our communities. Importantly, at Bank of America, the work we do to deliver for our communities and for society is embedded in all of our operations and integral to how we run our company. We call it Responsible Growth. We align all of our activities to drive progress. That means we bring our $3.2 trillion balance sheet, our $60 billion in annual spending, the trillions of dollars in capital we raise each year for our clients, and the volunteer efforts of 208,000 associates to the task—in addition to our philanthropic initiatives. For example, we recognize the value to our business—and to society—of diversity in our supply chain. We expect all our vendors to promote and report on diversity in their own workplaces. We also require U.S. vendors to provide a minimum hourly salary of $15 per hour to employees supporting our company. And we actively seek to do business with certified diverse businesses through our Supplier Diversity Program. In 2021, approximately $2 billion of our nearly $20 billion in annual spend was with diverse suppliers. As another example, we committed to deploy $1 trillion in financing by 2030—part of a broader $1.5 trillion commitment aligned to achieving other environmental, social and governance (ESG) priorities—to help our clients transition to a low-carbon future. That includes financing to help small businesses adopt more sustainable business practices, and financing to help major corporations in all industries transform and decarbonize their business models. You can read more about our approach to Sustainable Finance on page 35. Your company is one of the largest underwriters of green bonds, and has helped more than 225 clients support their sustainable business needs by raising in excess of $300 billion through more than 400 ESG-themed bond offerings. We were the first U.S. bank to issue a corporate social bond aligned to the U.N. Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), a corporate social bond to support the fight against the pandemic, and a corporate equality progress sustainability bond designed to advance racial equality, economic opportunity and environmental sustainability. We talk more about our ESG initiatives on pages 36–37.

One of the key ways we help drive progress within our local communities is through our market president organization. Each of our 90-plus market presidents serves as chief executive for Bank of America in that market. They lead an integrated team and help us deliver one company for clients, teammates and the broader community. You can read more about our market presidents on page 32. Our market presidents have also helped us identify more than 100 high-impact minority-focused funds across the U.S., which provide capital to Black, Hispanic-Latino, Asian, Native American, other under-represented minority and women entrepreneurs. With their guidance, we have committed more than $300 million in equity to these funds to date, as part of our $1.25 billion commitment to racial equality and economic opportunity. These ethnic cohorts have not been represented historically in the private equity business as operators of the funds or as investee companies. So this is a ‘win-win’: diverse fund managers enabled with our investment take those funds and invest in diverse entrepreneur-owned companies. For more information on how we are investing in diverse entrepreneurs, see page 34. In 2021 alone, we made $370 million in philanthropic investments to advance economic mobility as part of our efforts to strengthen our communities. This included more than $94 million to workforce development and education programs, $87 million to support housing and small business, and more than $81 million to meet basic needs such as hunger relief. Our market presidents also play an important role in helping us deliver our philanthropic efforts at the local level. In February 2022, working through our network of market presidents, we announced a donation of $10.6 million—one of the largest donations in our company’s history—to food banks and hunger organizations across the country. This gift was part of a broader internal company campaign to promote health and safety for our teammates and raise awareness about the importance of COVID-19 boosters. For every teammate who told us they received a booster by January 31, we donated at least $100 to a local hunger relief organization with the majority of the organizations receiving at least $25,000. I’d like to take a moment to thank the teammates who helped make this gift possible, and the organizations themselves for the important work they do within our local communities. Another way we share our success with our communities is through the individual giving and volunteering of teammates. In 2021, charitable giving by our teammates, combined with matching gifts from Bank of America, amounted to more than $72 million. At the same time, our teammates reported 1.6 million volunteer hours during the year, a reflection of their extraordinary engagement and impact within their communities. We also use our lending and investing activities to help build strong, sustainable communities across the country. In 2021, we provided $6.6 billion in loans, tax credit equity investments, and other real estate development solutions, and deployed $4.1 billion in debt commitments and $2.5 billion in investments. Since 2005, we have financed more than 263,000 housing units, of which 86% are affordable housing.

What would you like the power to do?

Some see a choice between “shareholder capitalism” and “stakeholder capitalism”—a term defined by the World Economic Forum half a century ago and adopted by the Business Roundtable and others. But there really is not a choice to be made. Jim Collins, the great business writer, wrote about “the genius of the AND” in the 1990s to describe how the most successful companies avoid false choices in how they operate across a range of responsibilities. So, we must do both well: continue to deliver great returns for our shareholders and deliver for society, i.e., the communities in which we operate. The way we serve our stakeholders begins with one straightforward question: What would you like the power to do?

Our clients tell us they want Bank of America to help them to live their best financial lives. Our teammates want to build long-term, rewarding careers to help them grow and thrive and provide for their families. Our shareholders want strong financial return on their investment in Bank of America. Understanding the answers to that question helps us operate our company in a way that creates long-term value for all those we serve. But what if we asked that question to broader society? What does the world want the power to do? The answer to that question is characterized by the SDGs, which nearly 200 countries agreed to in 2015. The SDGs reflect 17 categories the global community views as essential toward building a fair and sustainable future for all, including equality of opportunity, affordable housing, prosperity, access to clean water, and renewable energy. I’m often asked whether the private sector is the right cohort to address these priorities. We firmly believe so. But as a practical matter, it is the only way progress is going to be made. Only the private sector has the money, talent, innovation and long-term thinking needed to deliver the things that society wants: progress on the SDGs. So we need to continue to align capitalism to produce the needed progress on the SDGs or it simply won’t happen. Here’s why: Estimates suggest the SDGs will require between $5 trillion to $7 trillion per year of investment capital. Non-profits and philanthropy certainly play an important role in delivering funding to the world, but the total assets of all non-profit foundations in the world has been estimated to be around $1.5 trillion. At the same time, the sum of all annual charitable contributions in a given year is approximately $1 trillion. Even if all of that money was directed to the SDGs—leaving aside the many other important causes non-profits are funding today—it would still leave a gap of several trillion dollars per year to fund. The public sector, too, has an important role to play, although with budgets stretched thin—especially in the wake of the pandemic—governments alone cannot deliver what society demands. Some say you can make progress happen by regulation or taxation, but those impacts tend to be revisited, then they suffer the inevitable fate of other governmental priorities taking the prioritization or funding away. The private sector must play the leading role, working in close collaboration with all sectors of society. We must harness the tens of trillions of dollars in available capital, the trillions of annual expense dollars and supply chain purchasing, the hiring, the net impact of company-specific net-zero greenhouse gas emissions commitments and the talent and the innovation from companies and investors around the world. We must continue to align capitalism to address society’s needs and to deliver for shareholders. There’s growing awareness on how to best do that. Your company continues to work with many organizations and leaders around the world who are helping galvanize efforts within the private sector and mobilize capital to address today’s most pressing challenges. How do we measure the progress we are making against the SDGs? In 2020, the World Economic Forum’s International Business Council, which I am honored to chair, together with the Big Four global accounting firms of Deloitte, EY, KPMG, and PwC, launched a set of universal Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics aligned to the SDGs. These metrics help companies across industries measure and disclose how they are addressing societal priorities (and the SDGs) through their business activities and operations. To date, more than 150 companies around the world have committed to reporting Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics and more than 50 of them, including Bank of America, are already including these metrics in their annual reports and other documents. We reported on them for the first time in last year’s annual report. You can find our updated Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics for this year on page 54. These metrics shed further light on how we assess and deliver long-term value for all of our stakeholders, and I invite you to review them in connection with the other information in this report. As a financial institution, our success has always been— and will always be—dependent on the success of our clients, the strength of our communities, and the wellbeing of our employees. By focusing on Responsible Growth in 2021, we delivered for those stakeholders AND drove record profits for our shareholders. We also invested to position ourselves to do powerful things in 2022 and beyond.

That’s the ‘genius of the AND.’ 

On behalf of my teammates, our management team and the Board of Directors, I thank you for your support of Bank of America.



Brian Moynihan
