After more than two years facing the global COVID-19 pandemic and its extensive challenges, much of the world is moving past the worst of this health crisis. The rapid development and widespread adoption of vaccines, coupled with extraordinary fiscal and monetary support, backstopped a sharp rebound in the U.S. economy in 2021, which grew at its fastest rate in nearly 40 years. Looking forward, most indications point to another strong year of growth in the U.S., although geopolitical instability and inflationary pressures continue to pose notable risks globally. Blackstone has navigated the challenges and uncertainty of this period to deliver remarkable results for our limited partners and shareholders alike. Indeed, 2021 was a record-setting year across virtually every metric. Distributable Earnings rose 85% year-over-year to $6.2 billion, while Fee Related Earnings (“FRE”) increased 71% to $4.1 billion over the same period.1 In terms of investment performance – the foundation of our business – we achieved record total appreciation across our funds. Our opportunistic real estate and corporate private equity funds both posted their best annual returns in over a decade, appreciating over 40%. When we deliver great returns to our customers, it creates a virtuous cycle, building trust and leading to further inflows. Our limited partners entrusted us with a remarkable $270 billion in 2021, lifting assets under management by 42% to an industry-record $881 billion. At our September 2018 Investor Day, we outlined a path to $1 trillion of AUM in eight years, and we now expect to surpass this milestone this year – in roughly half the time we predicted. 2021 represented the most consequential year in Blackstone’s 36-year history. One of the most significant developments was our accelerated expansion into the retail and insurance channels. We’ve invested substantially over the past decade to build out distribution capabilities and develop bespoke products for a broader set of customers, and we’re now seeing the benefits of those investments. At the same time, our expansion has made us stronger in our traditional business lines. The result is multiple, powerful engines of growth driving the firm forward today. Our channel expansion is also leading a transformation in the firm’s capital base and earnings. Perpetual capital AUM – comprised of strategies with an indefinite term that can compound in value over time – rose 132% in 2021 to $313 billion and has grown nearly five-fold since our 2018 Investor Day. Similarly, annual FRE has nearly tripled since 2018, driven primarily by the stable and predictable nature of these perpetual strategies — which we believe represent one of the highest-quality earnings streams in financial services.2 We’ve delivered these results while keeping true to our model focused on managing capital for third-party clients – not by taking on balance sheet risk. This allowed us to again return 100% of earnings to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks in 2021. More than ever, Blackstone is an asset-light, recurring revenue business, with a distinctive brand and culture propelling our growth. We ended 2021 with a market capitalization of $156 billion – making us the 57th-largest public company in the United States. Looking forward, I believe we’re in the early days of a step-function increase in the firm’s long-term growth trajectory, supported by powerful tailwinds and earnings momentum. We believe that we are prepared for a period of higher inflation and rising interest rates, due to the exceptional balance of our firm and the careful design of our portfolio. Most importantly, we have earned the trust of our clients. Blackstone has never been in a stronger position. Redefining whom we serve and where we can invest As the reference institution in the alternatives sector, we are reinventing the asset class by redefining both who can invest and what they can invest in. We continue to expand our traditional businesses and we’ve added an entire platform of fast-growing perpetual capital strategies. In retail, which represents an $80 trillion addressable market today, we have established what we believe to be the leading alternatives business in the world. We moved into this channel a decade ago when we identified that individual investors were dramatically underpenetrated in their allocations to alternatives products. Our long-term strategy was to build the highest-quality support organization for this universe of clients, including servicing some of the largest private wealth distribution systems in the world. We initially offered capacity in our traditional drawdown funds to these investors, and later expanded with an ever-growing menu of bespoke products customized for individual investors, including our non-traded REIT (“BREIT”) and BDC (“BCRED”). The response from individual investors for Blackstone-managed private real estate and credit has been powerful. We raised nearly $40 billion for these two vehicles alone in 2021. BREIT has grown to more than $50 billion in equity and is now the largest investment vehicle at the firm. We believe these products are particularly attractive in the current inflationary environment, and we continuously work to develop more. Since the start of the pandemic, it is estimated that individuals in the U.S. alone have accumulated $2.8 trillion of excess savings and they are looking for the best places to allocate that capital in an uncertain world. In the $30 trillion insurance channel, 2021 was a watershed year for our business. Blackstone was named the external manager of a significant portion of AIG’s Life and Retirement portfolio, one of the largest U.S. life insurers. We also took over asset management of a life insurance and annuity company from Allstate in a new Blackstone-managed vehicle. These two mandates elevated our business to become one of the top two alternatives firms delivering strategies to insurance customers, achieved with the same disciplined, capital-light approach we’ve always pursued in this channel. Our strategy is to attract third-party asset management contracts with high-quality insurance clients – not to become an insurance company or take on its liabilities. Insurers’ need for better returns, combined with our direct credit origination capabilities, create a strong foundation for further growth in this channel. Taken together, the retail and insurance channels now comprise 40% of Blackstone’s AUM, up from 24% three years ago, and we believe there is more opportunity in this space. Despite our leading positions, our AUM in these channels represent only 0.5% of the total addressable markets. In addition to these new channels, we continue to expand our institutional platform, with growing strength in perpetual capital vehicles. There is significant investor demand for long-dated strategies that compound in value, and we’ve built leading funds in real estate core plus, infrastructure and GP stakes. In total, this platform is nearing the $100-billion milestone and growing rapidly. And in our drawdown fund area, the ballast of our firm, we’re now moving into a new flagship fundraising cycle and expect to raise the new vintages of nearly all of the firm’s major drawdown strategies – targeting approximately $150 billion in aggregate across 17 vehicles. The breadth of the firm today is truly remarkable. In total, we offer nearly 60 discrete strategies, with compelling performance across the platform. This creates a powerful network effect, resulting in significant repeat business and a high likelihood our customers will also invest in new products that we launch. At the same time, our channel and product expansion has opened up many new areas to invest. In 2021, we invested a record $144 billion, more than double our prior year’s deployment. Over half the capital invested in 2021 was in strategies that didn’t exist five years ago. With the largest flow of investment activity in our asset class, we see more information and develop deep insights into trends across sectors and geographies. We focus our deployment on areas where we’ve built high conviction and can express that across multiple pools of capital. These include, among others: rental housing (Home Partners of America; our April Housing platform); the digitalization of the economy (QTS data centers; fiber-to-home leader Hotwire Communications; further expansion of our global logistics portfolio); travel recovery (Signature Aviation; visa services leader VFS Global; a hotel portfolio from Kintetsu in Japan; and Extended Stay America in the U.S.); Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) software and consulting services (Sphera); and content creation (our Candle Media platform’s investment in Reese Witherspoon’s Hello Sunshine and digital children’s entertainment leader Moonbug; and our Real Estate business’ investment in high-quality Hollywood and UK studio space). Our scale allows us to pursue investments that few others can, such as our acquisition of healthcare supply and distribution company Medline – the largest corporate buyout in over a decade. Our unique ability to deploy capital across the risk/return spectrum and around the world creates the basis for significant future value. Mission-Driven Our scale not only opens up unique investment opportunities, but it also compels us to help drive forward initiatives of national and global importance. Our portfolio includes approximately 250 operating companies and more than 11,000 real estate assets that together employ more than half-a-million people. Our activity can have a considerable impact. We are incredibly proud of what we do and the value we create for our investors, portfolio companies and broader communities. Our funds enable teachers, police officers, firemen and other public- and corporate-sector employees to retire with sufficient savings and secure pensions. They also protect and grow university endowments in support of their students’ educations. And we help many other institutional and individual investors realize their financial goals. We accomplish these results by striving to improve the companies and assets in which we invest and making them better places to work. Through the capital and operational expertise we provide, Blackstone aims to create healthier, more resilient companies that grow faster. We also believe that ESG principles are crucial to that mission and help create lasting value for our investors. This has and will continue to be a significant area of focus where we are dedicating substantial resources to build a worldclass team. We recently welcomed Dr. Jean Rogers, Founder and Former CEO of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), as our Global Head of ESG. She joins a growing number of ESG professionals across our corporate, portfolio operations and asset management teams, including 15 new hires in 2021 alone. Veterans Hiring Initiative As part of First Ladies Jill Biden and Michelle Obama’s Joining Forces Initiative in 2013, we committed to a hiring goal of 50,000 veterans and their spouses at our businesses within five years. Our commitment is based on our belief that this community represented an untapped and under-appreciated talent pool. Their leadership skills, dedication and integrity make them exemplary employment candidates – as demonstrated by the enthusiastic reception from our portfolio companies for this program. Our companies went to extraordinary lengths to achieve this ambitious goal and succeeded in 2017 – one year ahead of schedule. This success spurred us to redouble our efforts and commit to reaching a total of 100,000 hires within the subsequent five years. We are proud that in 2021, we reached this goal – just eight years after our initial pledge. Sustainability and the Clean Energy Transition We believe that being responsible environmental stewards is essential to creating long-term value for our investors. The global risks of climate change, along with growing investor and regulatory calls to action, are driving an increased demand to decarbonize. This shift to a more sustainable future requires both commitment from many parties – including governments, businesses and individual citizens – and trillions of dollars of investment. Blackstone has a long history of innovative projects supporting the energy transition. For example, we’ve worked since 2010 to develop the Champlain Hudson Power Express, a 339-mile renewable energy transmission project linking Quebec to Queens, New York. The State of New York recently selected this project to deliver 1,250 MW of clean energy to New York City by 2025, reducing CO2 emissions by an average of 3.9 million metric tons per year – the equivalent of removing 44% of the city’s passenger vehicles from the road. Additionally, since 2019, Blackstone has committed over $15 billion to investments that we believe are consistent with the broader energy transition. And we have set a goal of reducing carbon emissions by 15% in aggregate at new investments where we control energy usage over the first three years of ownership. We believe this is only the start of the value Blackstone can create over time. We see an opportunity to invest an estimated $100 billion in support of energy transition and climate change solutions over the next decade. Blackstone intends to be a global leader in investing in this critically important area. We also recognize that during this period of transition, renewables alone cannot keep pace with worldwide economic expansion and a growing population. Our businesses will continue to invest in both renewable and traditional energy infrastructure, working to improve the efficiency and facilitate the transition to cleaner energy whenever we invest in the latter. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) We believe that creating a diverse workplace makes us better investors and builds stronger companies. A commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) helps ensure we bring a broad spectrum of ideas and perspectives to the table when making critical decisions. Approximately one-third of Blackstone’s leadership team is diverse and 50% of our primary businesses have a diverse professional as one of their top two leaders. We’ve also continued to build our pipeline of future senior leaders. Our 2021 analyst class globally had 41% female representation and in the U.S. was approximately half racially diverse. Our commitment to diversity also extends to our portfolio companies. We previously announced a goal of one-third diverse representation on our new control portfolio company boards in the U.S. and Europe. And we’ve invested over $10 billion in companies led by women CEOs since 2019, partnering with entrepreneurs like Whitney Wolfe Herd of Bumble, Sara Blakely of SPANX, Reese Witherspoon of Hello Sunshine and others. While we are proud of our progress to date in this area, we recognize Blackstone and others in the financial sector have more work to do and opportunity ahead of us. Expanding Economic Opportunity The Blackstone Charitable Foundation continued its commitment to supporting the firm’s goal of creating economic opportunity for underresourced communities and promoting entrepreneurship. Since 2007, the Foundation has distributed more than $120 million globally in pursuit of this mission. This includes, among other initiatives, its signature Blackstone LaunchPad network, which helps college and university students gain entrepreneurial experiences and competencies to build successful companies and careers. In 2021, the Foundation announced a $40 million expansion of this program, which is anticipated to grow from 30 to approximately 75 campuses over the next five years, with a focus on colleges and universities that have a majority diverse population or serve under-resourced communities. Our Most Valuable Asset The firm’s achievements in 2021 are only possible because of our most valuable asset – our people. I often say that there are no patents in finance. Our success instead relies on the talent of our teams around the globe, knit together by the connective tissue of a common, performance-driven culture and a shared mission to be the best in the world at what we do on behalf of our investors. To work at Blackstone, you must believe in this mission and embrace the core values which have distinguished the firm for 36 years – meritocracy, entrepreneurialism, excellence, teamwork, protection of capital and the highest standards of integrity. Preserving Culture Through Growth Protecting the firm’s culture as we grow is a top priority for me and the entire Blackstone leadership team. To support the exceptional trajectory of our business, we continue to reinvest significantly in our people and operational infrastructure. In 2021, for example, our headcount grew by nearly 20%. The combination of growth and our meritocratic culture presents uncapped opportunity for our people to build their careers by taking on new responsibilities and leadership roles at the firm. This in turn generates an organizational dynamism that motivates our people and fosters integration. We take immense pride in being consistently ranked as the best place to work in our industry. In 2021, we were certified as a “Great Place to Work” for the fifth consecutive year and featured on Fortune’s “Best Workplaces in New York,” “Best Workplaces in Financial Services & Insurance” and “Best Workplaces for Millennials.” At the same time, however, our rapid growth necessitates a deliberate approach to preserve our distinctive culture. It all starts with attracting outstanding talent. In 2021, we received 29,000 applications for 103 starting analyst positions – an acceptance rate of 0.4%. We train our new people by instilling the standards and risk-evaluation processes that have guided the firm for decades, as well as by enhanced onboarding and talent development programs that leverage the latest in technology-enabled tools. Our talent development programs share common elements around the world – regardless of seniority or area of focus – and we also offer tailored programs for individual business groups and roles. All senior leaders at Blackstone are heavily involved in perpetuating our culture and work to fully integrate new hires into the fabric of the firm. Return to Office Our apprenticeship model and deep commitment to serving our clients necessitates attendance at the office. There is no substitute for the benefits of in-person collaboration and working creatively together. Video conferencing is a helpful tool, but on its own cannot capture many critical elements of on-the-job training. Recognizing this, we further expanded the safety measures introduced in 2020 to enable our teams to return successfully to the office last year. Most notably, we enhanced the aggressive COVID testing protocols first implemented in September 2020 to include on-site testing capabilities at our New York headquarters. Since the start of the pandemic, we’ve conducted nearly 150,000 COVID tests. These tools helped to create a safe environment for our teams to come together well ahead of most other companies, both in our industry and beyond. We believe we’re going as far as any workplace to protect our people and our culture, which is so critical to our success. And we’ve remained an anchor of stability for our investors. Built to Last As we move into 2022, Blackstone has an unrivaled position in our industry. We continue to fulfill our mission, generating outstanding investment returns for clients and attracting industry-leading inflows. This powers our ability to continuously innovate, increasing the number of strategies we offer and expanding the universe of investors we serve. And enabling it all is our distinctive culture, which unites our people around the globe in a relentless pursuit of excellence. It is my strong belief, whatever economic and market conditions may be, that the best days of the firm’s journey are ahead. 

Stephen A. Schwarzman 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder
