To our stockholders, I hope that this letter and accompanying annual report find you and your loved ones safe and healthy as the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact our communities and daily lives. 2020 was a year unlike any other in our lifetimes. However, as challenging as these times have been, there is much that we can be proud of at Brighthouse Financial. Throughout 2020, we provided financial assistance to our communities to help meet some of their most pressing needs. The Brighthouse Financial Foundation made contributions to more than 40 nonprofits, with a focus on those that support COVID-19 relief and racial equity. Grants provided by the Brighthouse Financial Foundation and Brighthouse Financial corporate contributions totaled nearly $2 million in 2020, making it our most impactful year yet. In addition, despite last year’s difficulties, our employees around the country continued to volunteer and find ways to give back to our communities. I am proud of their spirit of service, which aligns with Brighthouse Financial’s commitment to make a positive impact in the places where we live and work. I also want to take this opportunity to thank and applaud our employees for their tremendous dedication to Brighthouse Financial and our mission. I am incredibly proud of their resilience and unrelenting commitment to deliver for our customers and partners in these trying times. Their efforts reflect both the strength and endurance of our culture and our core values of collaboration, adaptability, and passion. The health and safety of our employees and their families remain our top priorities, and we continue to support our employees during the pandemic. This support includes increasing the maximum number of vacation days that can be carried over from last year, as well as encouraging employees to use vacation days to help maintain work-life balance in the ongoing remote-work environment. We also continue to provide our employees with mental health support, including company-sponsored wellness programs. We have also provided an allowance to our employees to help them purchase home-office equipment while our offices remain temporarily closed due to the pandemic. In addition, we have increased and enhanced our communications with employees to ensure that we maintain our strong culture in the remote-work period and beyond. Turning to our performance in 2020, I am pleased with the significant progress we made. We entered the current environment with a strong statutory balance sheet, and our results last year demonstrate that our balance sheet and liquidity remain strong. Among our strategic accomplishments for the year, we: • Repurchased approximately $473 million of our common stock, a reduction of approximately 17% of shares outstanding relative to year-end 2019; • Completed the revision of our variable annuity hedging strategy, significantly reducing the risk profile of the company; • Paid ordinary dividends of approximately $1.31 billion to the holding company, primarily consisting of $1.25 billion from Brighthouse Life Insurance Company This represented the first dividends paid by BLIC since we became an independent, public company; • Achieved run-rate expense reductions of $166 million relative to our first year as an independent, public company, exceeding our target of $150 million; and • Made significant progress in our multiyear effort to implement our future state operations and technology platform. In addition, we delivered another year of strong sales growth, despite the challenging environment. This growth is a testament to the progress we have made in building our franchise, including the strength of our brand, the reach of our distribution network, and the value of our tailored set of annuity and life insurance products. In 2020, we continued to enhance our product portfolio with the addition of two new products. First, we entered the independent marketing organization distribution channel with Brighthouse SecureAdvantage® 6-Year Fixed Index Annuity. We also introduced Brighthouse SimplySelect®, a term life insurance product available online through Policygenius. The launch of these products expands our distribution footprint and further diversifies our business mix. We also remain focused on building and expanding strategic relationships. Last year, we announced that we were selected by BlackRock to help deliver its LifePath Paycheck™, an investment solution designed to provide millions of American workers with simplified access to lifetime income throughout their retirement. We are thrilled to expand our relationship with BlackRock through this significant innovation in retirement investing. In addition, in March of this year, we announced the availability of our annuities in SIMON’s Marketplace, another exciting collaboration for Brighthouse Financial. Last year, we also continued to advance our environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) strategy, which remains a key focus for Brighthouse Financial. As part of our work in this area, we recently conducted a thorough assessment of the ESG issues that are most significant to our company and stakeholders. In addition, starting this month, we began enhancing our disclosures about our sustainability efforts on a new webpage available at www.brighthousefinancial.com/about-us/corporate-responsibility. Led by our Office of Sustainability, we remain committed to further embedding sustainability in our culture, and we look forward to sharing more on our progress as our sustainability journey continues. Finally, and importantly, we continue to focus on advancing diversity, equity, and inclusion at Brighthouse Financial. Last year, I proudly signed on to the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™ pledge, one of many steps we are taking at Brighthouse ( BLIC ) “ ” . Financial to help drive change in this critical area. We also remain committed to influencing positive change by helping to create opportunities in our communities. To that end, last year the Brighthouse Financial Foundation committed $500,000 to organizations that support Black members of our communities. We realize that there is always more work to do, and we remain committed to increasing representation of underrepresented groups across our company, and fostering an inclusive culture where diverse backgrounds are celebrated and all of our employees feel welcomed, heard, and respected. In closing, I am pleased with the progress we made last year in executing our strategy and delivering on our mission as we navigated a challenging environment. I remain confident in our focused strategy and continue to believe that we have the right strategy in place to deliver long-term shareholder value. I want to sincerely thank you, our stockholders, for your continued support of Brighthouse Financial. As the events of the past year have shown, our mission to help people achieve financial security has never been more critical. Thank you again, and please stay well. 

Sincerely, 

Eric T. Steigerwalt 

President and Chief Executive Officer
