Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders and Friends

In February 2021, thousands of engineers and scientists came together for the 75th anniversary celebration of the unveiling of the first modern computer. The Electronic Numerical Integrator and Computer—“ENIAC” for short—took up 1,800 square feet and weighed 25 tons. At the time of its introduction in 1946, its computing power was revolutionary. The ENIAC could perform 5,000 instructions per second, the yearlong work of 100 humans. It took four days for The New York Times to cautiously declare—buried in the bottom-right corner of the front page—“Electronic Computer Flashes Answers, May Speed Engineering.” In the ensuing years, the inventors struggled to find a market or build a company that could commercialize the technology. The original ENIAC was soon disassembled, and sections were put on display in museums and universities. It is the human condition to underestimate revolutions. In the seven and a half decades since the ENIAC’s debut, the speed and scope of technological advancement have been breathtaking. And yet, the underestimating has continued. Too often, companies have failed to see or embrace the transformational implications of innovations.

Some of America’s proudest and most successful companies have been rendered irrelevant–or worse–by waves of progress. Even some of the earliest technology pioneers now find themselves on the wrong side of history, washed over by the next wave of change. Capital One was born out of the technology revolution. We were one of the very first fintechs, long before the term was popularized. Three decades ago, we were founded on the belief that information and technology would transform banking, starting with the Card business. Many banks saw credit cards as an analog business based on judgmental credit and marketing decisions, with minimal product or pricing variations. We saw it as an information business, powered by data, analytics, scientific testing, and statistical modeling. We took what was a one-size-fits-all industry and introduced mass customization. Our goal was to bring the right product to the right customer at the right time and at the right price. And in so doing we believed we could democratize credit and smash the price of credit cards. For five years, we toiled to make the dream come to life. And finally, it worked. Through testing, we found out how to identify the lowest risk consumers and we slashed their pricing. We also figured out how to identify low credit risk consumers among neglected or overlooked populations, and we offered them their first credit cards. We rolled out a series of innovative products, and the dream was off and running. In 1994, we celebrated our IPO, the very same year that the modern internet was born. We became one of the fastest-growing financial institutions in America. By the time we celebrated the 20th anniversary of our IPO in 2014, we had become one of the ten largest banks in the United States. Our credit card foray had expanded into auto lending, small business cards, retail banking, and commercial banking. We had built a different kind of bank. And we had found a better way for our customers. 

The Pace of Innovation Is Accelerating 

The history of humankind is defined by revolutions. They used to come one at a time, often separated by hundreds or thousands of years. After the agricultural revolution changed how humans lived, it took 11,000 years before the printing press altered how humans communicated. But the time gaps between transformative inventions are shrinking. Only 300 years separated the printing press from the industrial revolution. And the internet came along just 50 years after the debut of the ENIAC supercomputer. And then a decade ago, three waves of innovation occurred simulanteously. The smartphone brought the world together, connected in real time. The birth of the cloud enabled virtually unlimited computing and infinite storage at near-zero cost. And this step-change in technological power suddenly made machine learning commercially viable at scale. Any one of these three innovations alone would have changed the world. All three at the same time created a seismic transformation. Together these three waves ushered in the world of big data in real time. We call this the real-time, intelligent revolution. To customers it brought instant solutions, customized for them. It has transformed how we live and how we work. Everything is at the speed of now. Not two days from now. Not ten minutes from now. Right now. And machine learning is the engine of real-time mass customization at scale. As we watched the three waves of cloud, mobile, and machine learning take off, we realized the strategic implications. The real-time, intelligent revolution would transform how the world works, and along with it, banking. We knew that this would create a step-change in customer experiences and expectations. We also recognized that the technology platform on which Capital One had built its competitive advantage for two decades would soon be obsolete in this new world. We knew that we couldn’t build new capabilities and simply bolt them on top of the existing infrastructure we already had in place. To fully enable real-time, intelligent solutions across Capital One, we needed to undertake a discontinuous change. We needed to rebuild our technology infrastructure from the ground up. So, ten years ago, we declared an all-in technology transformation. We began at the bottom of the tech stack and rebuilt our infrastructure. We brought our engineering talent in-house and moved away from legacy vendors. We declared we were going 100% to the public cloud. We set out to transform our data ecosystem to accommodate big data in real time. We rebuilt our 1,300 internal applications to be cloud-native and modern. We transformed how we build software and became early adopters of APIs, microservices, DevOps, and automated testing and deployment. By 2020, we were fully in the cloud, and we exited our last data centers. In 2021, we fully exited our internal mainframes. We built a strong internal technology and engineering culture. We invested heavily in recruiting and training world-class software and machine learning engineers, data scientists, designers, and product managers. Thousands of our engineers have earned at least one AWS certification, making us the third-most “cloud fluent” enterprise of all AWS customers (including Amazon itself). The benefits of our multi-year technology investments and transformation became increasingly evident over the past two years. The COVID-19 pandemic accelerated the real-time, intelligent revolution. Companies had little time to adapt as consumer needs and expectations changed virtually overnight. Behavioral trends that would have taken years to play out were pulled forward. We saw a tale of two cities playing out across the world: Companies with a strong technology infrastructure flourished as they capitalized on the rapidly evolving needs and demands of consumers. Companies without a strong technology foundation and culture fell behind. 

The Future of Banking 

Traditional banks have had a century-long head start in the battle to own the customer relationship. They have core products and services, massive customer scale, and access to deep customer data. They also have earned the trust of consumers over time. But many big banks also have antiquated technology and complex, outsourced infrastructure. They struggle to attract great in-house engineering and technology talent. They are trapped in legacy products or old ways of doing business while trying hard to protect their current earnings stream. Into the vacuum have rushed the fintechs, modern technology companies with a laser focus on financial services. Investors are betting on a shakeup of the industry. We are seeing record levels of capital investment in fintechs. In 2021, more than $100 billion flowed into brand-new private fintech startups around the world, much of it in the United States. Capital One is once again well-positioned to be a leader in the transformation of this centuries-old industry. We have a heritage of being an innovator and a disruptor, and our mission is to change banking for good. We are a top-ten bank built as a tech company. We have been preparing for this opportunity for years. 

Our Customers Are Benefiting from Our Innovation and Imagination 

As we have transformed our technology, we have continually enhanced our products, digital capabilities, and customer experiences. And consumers and clients are enjoying the benefits of our innovation. Customer satisfaction and advocacy have reached the highest levels in our history and customer attrition remains low. The pandemic has accelerated the adoption of virtual banking, and that is a boon for Capital One. We have spent years working to build the bank of the future with leading digital capabilities. Over the last two years, millions of our customers tried our digital banking tools for the first time, joining millions of other customers in enjoying the simplicity and convenience of our award-winning mobile app. We are the biggest bank to launch early paycheck, where customers with direct deposit can receive their paycheck up to two days early. We expanded our national fee-free ATM network and launched a new feature that allows customers to add cash to their Capital One bank accounts at CVS locations across the country. Capital One Shopping is reimagining the possibilities by bringing great merchant deals to consumers at the click of a button. Behind the sleek experience is a machine learning-driven model that delivers incremental sales to merchants and exceptional deals to consumers. In 2021, we continued national TV advertising for Capital One Shopping, stepped up our digital marketing, and expanded awareness to existing customers through our mobile banking app. And the results are promising.

Capital One Shopping has saved consumers hundreds of millions of dollars and has earned some of the highest customer advocacy scores in our history. We are also changing the car-buying experience. Capital One Auto Navigator is transforming the search and financing journey for car buyers and dealers, and we continue to build enhanced technology capabilities across key experiences of the car-buying process. Millions of customers are prequalifying through Auto Navigator and thousands of dealers have partnered with Capital One to embed Auto Navigator into their websites. In 2021, we accelerated our investments in card products, rewards, and experiences designed for heavy spenders and frequent travelers. We partnered with the technology company Hopper to build a custom travel booking portal for Capital One customers. Capital One Travel delivers smart features unmatched in the industry, including predictive pricing, the ability to freeze flight prices for up to 14 days, and automatic credits if the price of a purchased ticket drops. We also opened the first Capital One Lounge in the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport, with two more planned in 2022 (Denver and Washington-Dulles). Customers can grab a fresh meal or craft cocktail, recharge in our relaxation rooms, or take a spin class in a private fitness studio. We also introduced Venture X, our first premium travel card. Customers earn double miles on all purchases—with no limits, no blackout dates, and no fine print. Customers also earn 5x miles on flights and 10x on hotels and rental cars booked on Capital One Travel. Customers have unlimited access to Capital One Lounges, complimentary Priority Pass membership, and discounted membership for TSA PreCheck and Global Entry. Venture X has already earned accolades from travel blogs, and we are excited about early customer engagement and feedback. Across the company, innovation is everywhere. For the third consecutive year, Capital One was the leading innovator in financial services by number of U.S. patents granted. We were granted over 700 new patents in 2021, almost all of which were related to software or technology. We now have a portfolio of 2,450 patents—up from 150 in 2017.

We Took a Bold Step to Help Customers Succeed 

In December, we took a giant step in our journey to change banking for good. We announced the elimination of all overdraft and non-sufficient funds fees for our consumer banking customers. Customers will still have access to overdraft protection and the service will be free. We were the first top-ten retail bank to take this bold step and our announcement was well-received by associates, customers, media, consumer advocates, and policymakers. We are excited about being able to bring simplicity and humanity to banking while helping our customers succeed. 

We Delivered Record Financial Results and Invested in Our Long-Term Future 

Our financial results in 2021 were exceptional. Loan growth of over 10% drove revenue to $30.4 billion, up 8.8% from 2020 when normalized for last year’s $535 million investment gain from our stake in the software company Snowflake. Adjusted operating expense was $13.6 billion, an increase of 3.8% as we made significant investments to grow our franchise and invest in technology talent and capabilities. Even with those investments, adjusted operating efficiency improved to 44.7%. We significantly increased marketing expenses to $2.9 billion, up 78% from 2020 and 26% from 2019, as we supported new product launches and capitalized on attractive market opportunities to welcome new customers and support our brand. Adjusted pre-provision earnings rose to $14 billion, up 5.5% when normalized for the Snowflake impact in 2020*. In 2020, the initial economic uncertainty of the pandemic led us to significantly increase our allowance for future expected credit losses. But we have continued to see strong economic growth, low unemployment, and healthy consumer balance sheets. In fact, our net credit losses of $2.2 billion in 2021 were $3 billion less than in 2020 and represented the lowest charge-off rate (0.88%) in the history of Capital One. Strikingly strong credit and an improved economic outlook led to the significant reduction in our allowance for future credit losses, which buoyed our bottom line. However, we do expect credit to normalize from these historically strong levels, and we are focused on strong underwriting that is resilient under stress. Strong growth and exceptional credit results drove record earnings per share (EPS) last year. Net of adjustments, our EPS was $27.11, compared to $5.79 in 2020 and $12.09 in 2019. Core EPS*, which excludes the changes in our allowance for future expected credit losses, was $19.93, up 50% from 2020 and the highest in our history. We returned $8.7 billion of capital to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases. And we maintained a strong and resilient balance sheet. The financial markets performed exceptionally well in 2021 across a broad range of asset classes. Despite ongoing uncertainty surrounding the pandemic and inflation, U.S. equity markets pushed higher with the S&P 500 rising 27%. Capital One’s stock price ended the year at $145.09, up 46.8% from year-end 2020. Our 2021 total shareholder return was 49.3%, significantly outperforming the KBW Bank Index by 11 percentage points. Since we went public in 1994, Capital One’s return to shareholders is 3,516%, the highest of all major banks. 

Our Businesses Delivered Strong Growth and Financial Performance 

Since our founding three decades ago, we have carefully selected attractive and resilient businesses where we can build scale and achieve strong and sustainable long-term returns. In 2021, our businesses delivered significant growth, capitalized on years of innovation, and began to more fully realize the competitive advantages of our technological transformation. In 2021, our Card business benefited from a rebound in consumer spending. We deepened relationships with existing customers and welcomed millions of new customers, and our loan and purchase volume growth significantly outpaced the industry. Card loans ended the year at $114.8 billion, up 7.3% from 2020. Card purchase volume was $528 billion, a record for Capital One and a $100 billion increase compared to previous levels in 2019 and 2020. Our Small Business franchise continues to serve business owners with simple products and compelling rewards. We introduced the Spark Cash Plus card featuring No Preset Spending Limits, which gives business owners greater flexibility in how they manage their spending and invest in their future. We developed new products and tools for customers who are new to credit to help them improve their credit scores. We launched new products for students and introduced the Capital One Braille card for sight-impaired customers. We also improved the benefits and rewards of the Savor card and rolled out new Quicksilver cards. Our technology transformation has allowed us to engage with leading retailers and brands and share a compelling vision of how their customers can benefit from Capital One’s clear and valuable products and empowering digital capabilities. We have signed new partnerships with great retailers— including Williams Sonoma and BJ’s Wholesale Club—who join other partners like Walmart and Neiman Marcus. We are excited to work with an expanding roster of iconic retailers and brands as they seek a partner who can offer their customers innovative products and digital tools. Our Auto business posted solid top-line growth and exceptionally strong credit performance. Auto loan originations were $43.1 billion, up 33% from 2020, and ending loan balances were $75.8 billion, up 15% from 2020. Auto charge-offs were 0.28%, down from 0.83% in 2020 and the lowest in our history. Capital One ended the year as the largest non-captive U.S. auto lender by loans outstanding. We continued to serve millions of retail banking customers digitally and through our physical presence. We grew deposits by 6% and our Consumer Banking Business delivered $3.7 billion of earnings. We invested in our modern and interactive Capital One Cafés, opening 11 new flagship locations in key markets across the United States. Digital account openings were strong and our banking experience continues to be recognized by others. In 2021, and for the second year in a row, J.D. Power named Capital One #1 in Customer Satisfaction among National Banks in the United States. In addition, we were rated Best Overall Bank by Money magazine. Our Bank business achieved record financial performance, including growth of loans and deposits, total revenue, pre-provision income, and earnings. Commercial loan growth of 12% outpaced the industry, and we were excited to acquire TripleTree and Lola and welcome their teams to Capital One. They each bring unique and valuable experience and capabilities to our Commercial Bank business.

We Are on a Quest for the World’s Best People 

The founding of Capital One began with a simple quest—to find great people and give them the opportunity to be great. We didn’t have a lot of training in how to build a company. So we set out to create a company that we would want to work for, with people that we would want to work with. We cultivated an open culture of ideas where all associates have a voice, independent of their titles. In 2021, we maintained high associate engagement, inclusion, and enablement scores as measured through our internal allassociate surveys. And we continued to focus on unleashing the greatness of our associates. We recognize the critical role of associates who care for and serve our customers every day, and we are committed to supporting their growth and financial well-being. We are increasing our minimum wage to ensure that 100% of our hourly associates are earning $19 per hour or more. Thousands of associates in our branches and Cafés continued to perform essential roles in-person with skill and humanity despite challenging circumstances. I am deeply appreciative of their performance and perseverance under stress. The pandemic has brought wide-ranging, and we believe permanent, changes to how we work. For the majority of our associates and teams, we remained primarily a remote work company in 2021. We expect our policies and talent strategies will continue to evolve to support associate flexibility. The vast majority of our associates feel that a hybrid model consisting of both virtual work and in-person engagement will be their preferred way of working at Capital One. We are committed to harnessing technology and new ways of working to take advantage of the many benefits of remote work. And we are excited to welcome associates to our offices, which provide space and support for teams to collaborate, innovate, and socialize. In 2021, we welcomed more than 8,500 new associates to Capital One, including over 2,500 in technology roles like software engineering, data science, machine learning, and cybersecurity. More than 2,000 full-time associates and interns joined Capital One through our campus programs, which range in focus from technology and product management to finance and business analysis. Capital One is an exceptional place to start or grow your career. Last year, Capital One was recognized as #9 on the 2021 Fortune magazine 100 Best Companies to Work For list. This is Capital One’s highest-ever ranking and the 10th consecutive year that we have landed on this prestigious list. Fortune also recognized us on its list of Best Workplaces for Women, as well as its list of Best Workplaces for Millennials. We were also ranked 6th for innovation on the Drucker Institute’s annual list of the Top 250 Best-Managed Companies, where we placed 19th overall.

Diversity Is an Essential Part of Who We Are 

At the heart of Capital One’s values is a culture of openness where people with diverse backgrounds and experiences all have a voice and contribute freely with each other and to our marketplace of ideas. We strive to unleash every person’s talent and potential—no matter their age, background, race, ethnicity, ability, religion, gender, or sexual orientation. At Capital One, it is not just about diversity in numbers. It’s about every associate sharing a sense of possibility, unbounded by their identity. In 2021, we saw all-time highs in our executive hiring and promotion rates for women and people of color. We expanded our recruiting pipelines, growing our relationships, investments, and campus presence at Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Hispanic Serving Institutions. We created a program to build professional pathways for customer-facing associates to advance their careers. We also launched an immersive diversity workshop series to help associates understand historic and systemic issues that have created unequal opportunities and outcomes for members of Black and Hispanic/Latinx communities. We are committed to creating a supportive and inclusive culture. Our associate-led identity groups bring people together voluntarily based on shared backgrounds or life experiences. They provide forums for connection, cultural celebration, professional development, and community service. About 60% of our global workforce belongs to one or more of our seven identity groups, including 11,000 associates who joined as a member or ally in 2021. These groups hosted over 120 national events last year and helped raise hundreds of thousands of dollars through associate matching campaigns including #StopAsianHate, COVID-19 Relief, and in honor of the 20th anniversary of 9/11. These groups continue to strengthen engagement, associate development, and cultural understanding across the full spectrum of diversity. Through our Supplier Diversity team, we committed to accelerating investments in, and expanding mentoring opportunities for, Black and Hispanic/ Latinx businesses, suppliers, and partners. In 2021, we were able to help over 130 diverse businesses through our three developmental programs—Catapult, SAGE, and the newly launched Diverse Supplier Mentoring Program. Our diversity and inclusion efforts are being recognized. Last year, Capital One was included on DiversityInc’s Top 50 Companies for Diversity, the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index “Best Places to Work,” and the Bloomberg Equality Index. Seramount (formerly Working Mother Media) named us to their lists of 100 Best Companies, Best Companies for Multicultural Women, and Best Companies for Dads. We also received a silver rating on the 2022 Military Friendly Employers list.

Investing in Our Communities 

As part of our five-year, $200 million Impact Initiative, we facilitated $78 million in grants in 2021. We supported local, regional, and national non-profits, helping to advance socioeconomic mobility in our communities. We financed thousands of new affordable housing units and resident services at specialized housing facilities. Capital One CODERs, a digital skill-building initiative for middle school students, was honored as Virginia's most outstanding corporate volunteerism program. More than 13,000 associates volunteered in 2021, contributing over 144,000 hours of service to our local communities. In 2021, we were #6 on People’s 100 Companies that Care 2021, and we were recognized by Civic 50 as one of the fifty most community-minded companies in America.

Driving Sustainability Across Capital One 

Climate change has become a more consequential issue for the planet and for humanity and we have continued to expand our sustainability efforts. We support the goals of the Paris Accords. Our sustainability journey began over a decade ago, in 2009, with the implementation of our responsible paper sourcing policy and our first greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction goal. Over the past decade, we have created and achieved additional GHG reduction plans and are now working on our fourth reduction goal. Since 2017, we have procured 100% of the electricity we use from renewable sources. We established landfill waste and water reduction targets and committed to pursue U.S. Green Building Council Certification of LEED Silver or higher for all new office locations and comprehensive renovations. And we became members of the CDP supply chain program to encourage our suppliers to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions within our supply chain. 

Our Journey and Our Opportunity 

In our 30-year journey in building Capital One, we have had a reverence for market endgames. We embraced and executed a disruptive strategy. We harnessed data, analytics, and scientific testing to drive breakthrough innovation and sustain our early success. We built the foundation of a modern technology company. We attracted and unleashed diverse, world-class talent in an open culture of ideas and mutual respect. And we focused on building an enduring franchise and a great company for the long term. Our results and achievements in 2021 are the product of years of investments and transformation. As I reflect on this unlikely journey, I am proud that we now serve over 100 million customers. And I am heartened that so many of them are strong advocates for our products, our experiences, and our company. I am also awed by what our associates have been able to accomplish over three decades of electrifying change, and how, yet again, they have positioned our company on the frontier of the technology revolution. I am humbled to lead such a passionate and talented team who are all-in on our journey to change banking for good and help our customers succeed. We have much to be proud of, much to be grateful for, and much to look forward to.



Richard D. Fairbank

Chairman and CEO
