TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, FRIENDS AND ASSOCIATES:

Shareholders’ equity rose to more than $13 billion at year-end 2021, including increased policyholder surplus for our insurance subsidiaries. That value on a per-share basis – your book value – increased 21.9% to $81.72 in 2021, setting a new record high. Strong cash flow from our profitable insurance operations allowed us to expand our investment portfolio and increase investment income, supporting our primary performance target of an annual value creation ratio averaging 10% to 13%. For 2021, that ratio was 25.7%, resulting in an 18.7% annual average over the past five years. We believe the value creation ratio is an appropriate metric to evaluate our performance because it considers our ability to increase the book value of your company and your shareholder dividends. In January 2022, our board of directors increased the regular quarterly cash dividend 9.5% to 69-cents-per-share, setting the stage for a 62nd consecutive year of increasing shareholder dividends. We believe only seven other public companies in the U.S. can make that statement. We balance growth and profitability, continuing to outperform the industry. A.M. Best Co., a leading insurance industry ratings agency, estimates 2021 U.S. property casualty industry results at a 99.6% combined ratio on a statutory basis with 9.2% net written premium growth. Our property casualty net written premium growth reached 10% for the year; that pace included 12% growth to a record $897 million in new business premiums written by our agency partners. Net written premiums grew 53% for Cincinnati Re®, our reinsurance assumed operation, and 6% for Cincinnati Global Underwriting Ltd.SM, our London-based global specialty underwriter for Cincinnati Global Syndicate 318 Underwriters at Lloyd’s. We aim for our combined ratio to consistently be within the range of 95% to 100%. When the combined ratio is below 100%, we’ve achieved an underwriting profit in our insurance operations. Our full-year 2021 combined ratio finished much better than that range at 88.3%. That’s the 10th year in a row of underwriting profitability for your company, reflecting the diligent execution of our deliberate growth and profitability strategies. ANSWERING THE CALL With our vision clearly in focus – to be the best company serving independent agents – we can confidently invest in the people, resources and technology to keep moving forward, growing, evolving and delivering results that benefit our agents and policyholders, in turn creating long-term value for shareholders. Our independent agency force is also evolving. They need efficiency, expertise and technical prowess from the carriers they work with. Independent agents expect flexible products backed by people with the expertise to artfully create an insurance program that cares for the whole of the clients they serve. We must answer the call of these expectations – and we are. We are infusing our time-tested culture of listening to agents and building relationships with expertise to create a new era of comprehensive solutions that help our agents capitalize on opportunities. I encourage you to learn more about our efforts by reading the special We answer the call sections of this letter, along with the Q&A with some of our key company leaders on how they are continuing to build expertise for the future in their respective areas of responsibility. Sophisticated Pricing The insurance industry is unique in the fact that we don’t know the ultimate cost of our products until long after they are sold. To be a competitive and stable market for our agencies, we must have confidence in our underwriters and our pricing models, and our agents must be able to clearly articulate the value of our products to their clients. A focus on profitable growth led to a 14.5-point improvement in our commercial lines business combined ratio, recording an 83.8% for the year. While the pandemic slowed growth in 2020 and early in 2021, net written premium growth returned to a healthy pace by midway through the year, reaching 8% at year-end 2021 compared with yearend 2020. Our personal lines business continued its trend of profitability, producing a 94.0% combined ratio for the year. We’ve continued our steady progress toward establishing Cincinnati Insurance as a leader in serving our agencies’ high net worth personal lines clients. In 2021, we grew this portion of our business by 28% compared to 2020, bringing annual premiums for higher net worth clients to $663 million. This improvement in profitability in our personal lines business took a multifaceted approach. Over the past few years, we have: increased pricing precision on middle market new business with the introduction of The Cincinnati Casualty Company; added an excess and surplus lines homeowner product to help our agents answer the challenges many clients in California are facing due to the high frequency of wildfires in that state; opened two new states – Maine and New Mexico; and made greater use of higher minimum loss deductibles and enhanced our property inspection process to verify home condition and insurance to value for high net worth and middle market clients. We’re continuing to expand the data and analytical tools we use to sharpen our understanding of the differing geographies in which we do business. The regulatory environment can differ from state to state – as can the weather. Deepening our expertise of what makes each market unique allows us to offer the right mix of products and services to ensure our agencies’ and our own success. As we’ve grown in geographies outside our traditional midwestern footprint and added to lines of business less susceptible to weather-related natural catastrophes, including management liability, surety, machinery & equipment and inland marine coverages for personal lines, we’ve helped to smooth our results. We believe we will realize more benefit from these initiatives over time. A team of highly qualified actuaries and data scientists work closely with our insurance professionals to chart our path for profitable growth. Our analytics departments now boast 19 Ph.D.-credentialed associates and 54 actuaries credentialed by the Casualty and Actuarial Society. These experts specialize by line of business and product – deeply learning the intricacies of each. Our pricing, underwriting and operational models are continually refined as our business evolves and new data sources and assumptions are tested. The data-driven analysis in pricing and product management gives our field and headquarters underwriters another tool as they make decisions on a policy-by-policy basis with our agents every day. Actuaries who set the loss reserves for Cincinnati Insurance work closely with our pricing actuaries, sharing information about current and prospective trends between their teams, ensuring careful knowledge-based calculations. Following a consistent approach, we’ve achieved 33 consecutive years of favorable reserve development on prior accident years. Comprehensive Products With our agent-centered strategy, Cincinnati aims to be a market for 75% of our agencies’ typical business. This means continually expanding our product portfolio. Our first expansion to deepen our relationships with agents came in the early days of our company with the addition of a life insurance product portfolio. Today, The Cincinnati Life Insurance Company continues to support retention for our property casualty agents through life insurance products for businesses and individuals. Cincinnati Life provides steady contributions to our earnings – generally unaffected by weather-related catastrophes. In 2021, earned premiums for Cincinnati Life grew 3%, including a 7% increase for term life premiums, our largest life insurance product line. As our agents experienced more need for excess and surplus lines capabilities – we answered. The Cincinnati Specialty Underwriters Insurance Company, now in its 14th year of operation, had another stellar year, growing net written premiums 22% with a combined ratio of 89.5%. To keep strengthening the relationships we have with each of our 1,921 agencies, we must continue investing in our business to deliver the services they need. Two recently launched initiatives offer additional ways to grow with our agencies: a new small business platform and a Wind Hail Deductible Buyback product offered in conjunction with Cincinnati Global and the Lloyd’s of London market. Currently live for Illinois agents, our small business platform combines our first-ever patented technology infrastructure and increased use of third-party data analytics to allow agents to quote and issue policies with outstanding speed and efficiency – and in most cases without the need for a Cincinnati underwriter’s review. Investing in this platform enables agencies to grow their small business clientele with us, while preserving the time of agency staff to focus on more complex accounts. In February 2022, we announced our first product from a project we call Leveraging Lloyd’s. When we purchased Cincinnati Global in 2019, we envisioned a way to create a new flow of business from independent agents to the Lloyd’s market. With CSU Producer Resources Inc. approved as a Lloyd’s coverholder, this Wind Hail Deductible Buyback product will be the first of many new products we can offer agents. Agents and their clients appreciate the expertise of Cincinnati claims and loss control associates who can often provide services; Cincinnati Global can continue to grow their written premiums; and the Lloyd’s market enjoys high-quality business from the premier agencies that represent Cincinnati Insurance. Cash flow fueled by underwriting profits allowed us to be an active buyer of both bonds and stocks in 2021. In fact, total net investment purchases reached more than $1 billion – the highest annual amount in at least a decade. With interest rates continuing to stay low in 2021, yields on new fixed-maturity securities we purchased were lower than the average yield of bonds in the portfolio, causing our book yield to continue losing ground. The weighted average yield-to-amortized cost on our diversified, laddered fixed-maturity portfolio continued to decline slightly, ending the year at 4.02%. We have been able to offset that lower interest income, in part due to our equity-investing strategy. Equity dividends grew 12% for the year. Equities represented approximately 46% of our invested assets at year-end, a significantly higher allocation than most insurers hold. We believe this approach creates strong liquidity and flexibility over the long term to maintain our cash dividend and to continue to invest in and expand our insurance operations. BUILDING FOR TOMORROW We are entering 2022 with steadfast optimism, knowing many of the initiatives we have underway will gain steam over the next few years, moving our company forward. We’re creating opportunities for current associates to develop areas of expertise. Succession planning and talent recruitment continue to be high priorities as we develop the next generation of insurance leaders. As a company with a long-term focus in all that we do, we also took an additional step toward the future leadership of our organization by promoting Steve Spray to president of all U.S. subsidiaries in January. Since 2019, Steve has been our chief insurance officer with executive oversight of the company’s property casualty insurance operations. We further expanded Steve’s leadership role in August 2021 as he assumed executive leadership of Cincinnati Life, Human Resources, Learning & Development and Corporate Communications. Steve is ready for this next challenge. Because he’s been in leadership roles across our organization, he has a deep understanding of what it will take for us to succeed far into the future. I’m confident that under his direction our insurance subsidiaries will continue to grow, deepening the products, services and capabilities we have to support agents and create shareholder value far into the future. 

Respectfully,

Steven J. Johnston
