TO MY FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:

As we enter the new decade, I am proud of the work our colleagues have done in the five-plus years since our IPO to run the bank better and position us well for the future. While our focus on strong financial performance has been an important part of our journey, that focus has been underscored by an unwavering commitment to improving how we serve all of our stakeholders. The Citizens of today is delivering value for shareholders, enhancing the experiences of our customers, investing in colleagues, and giving back to our communities, while developing the foundational capabilities needed to serve these stakeholders exceptionally well going forward. Since our IPO, we have worked tirelessly to transform virtually every aspect of the company. Marrying disciplined execution withacustomer-first approach and mindset of continuous improvement has enabled us to deliver higher-thanmarket growth rates, advance key profitability metrics, and continue to raise the bar on our medium-term financial targets. Leveraging capacity freed up through our successful series of Tapping Our Potential (TOP) efficiency programs has allowed us to make further investments to build out fee-based capabilities, while deploying significant digital assets backed by cutting-edge data analytics. The result is a well-performing, growing company with the right strategy and team to advance with assurance into the future. Looking ahead, we will continue to transform our business to deliver sustainable, long-term financial performance. That is not an end unto itself. Doing so strengthens our ability to help our customers, colleagues, and communities reach their potential. Banking isanoble profession, offering a platform to help individuals, companies and communities. This sense of purpose fuels our desire to run the bank better and magnify the impact we have on our stakeholders. STRONG EXECUTION IN 2019 This drive to run the bank better and better each and every day continues to deliver strong financial performance. Despite a more challenging backdrop in 2019, we delivered 2% growth in net income available to common stockholders and earnings per share of $3.81, up 8% from 2018. And we increased our common dividend twice during the year, raising it by 33% to $1.44 on an annualized basis which helped to fuel a total shareholder return of 42%, outperforming the peer group by over 7%. In total, Citizens returned $1.84 billion to common shareholders in dividends and share repurchases, representing a 23% increase over 2018. We delivered revenue growth of 6%, with net interest income growth of 2% and noninterest income growth of 18%. Our team worked diligently to smartly grow the balance sheet, generating average loan growth of 4% while continuing to optimize across lending and funding categories to improve returns and protect against declining rates. Our ongoing focus on strengthening Citizens’ organic fee income capabilities through targeted acquisitions drove strong momentum during 2019. Noninterest income was a record $1.9 billion, highlighted by record results across virtually all key strategic. categories including mortgage banking, capital markets, foreign exchange and interest rate products, card fees and trust and investment services fees. Additionally, we maintained our steady commitment to disciplined expense management during 2019 as we continue to self fund investments to help drive future growth. The TOP 5 program exceeded expectations in 2019, with approximately $125 million in pre-tax run-rate benefit, and we launched a multi-year, transformational TOP6program that is expected to produce benefits of approximately $300 to $325 million on a pre-tax run-rate basis by the end of 2021. The mindset of continuous improvement embedded in these TOP programs is a key aspect of our culture at Citizens that continues to set us apart from our peers. In Consumer Banking, recent investments to broaden fee-based capabilities led to strong results, with fee income growing 19% to record levels in 2019. Leading the way were mortgage banking and wealth management, up 93% and 18%, respectively. We successfully integrated Franklin American Mortgage Company while continuing to deliver a great experience for our mortgage customers, as the servicing portfolio grew 12% to nearly $100 billion and originations increased 124% to record levels. In wealth management, the addition of Clarfeld Financial Advisors expanded our ability to serve the upper-end of the wealth pyramid and more than doubled assets under management to $16 billion. We also continued to innovate for customers and drove yearover-year growth in attractive risk-adjusted return categories such as unsecured lending, up 32%, and education finance, up 12%. The expertise we have created in point-of-sale financing was critical to gaining our partnership with Microsoft to finance the newly launched Xbox All Access program through Amazon. We remain focused on delivering a simple and reliable customer experience while leveraging the power of data analytics to provide tailored advice and solutions. We have continued to advance our digital and mobile capabilities, while at the same time transitioning our branches towards an advice-driven model. Citizens Access®, our direct-to-consumer digital bank, nearly doubled its customer base and grew deposits to nearly $6 billion, providing greater diversification to our funding base. More importantly, we haveahighly scalable national digital platform in place that can be leveraged to grow customers and deepen existing relationships with an expanding product set. In Commercial Banking, our targeted investments to drive growth and diversify fee income delivered strong results. In 2019, we generated record capital markets and foreign exchange and interest rate products fees, up 21% and 23%, respectively. We further strengthened our coverage model and client-focused geographic reach by investing in our Southeast, Texas and California coverage teams. In early 2019, we closed on the acquisition of Bowstring Advisors, a middle market mergers and acquisitions advisory firm, which helped drive higher M&A advisory fees and added 30 new M&A professionals. Additionally, we completed the implementation of our new cash management platform, accessOptima®, which offers industry-leading capabilities and positions us well to serve the bigger end of our client base. Our Commercial bankers invest the time to understand a client’s needs, and then bring all of the bank’s capabilities together to deliver ideas that help the client be more successful. As a result, we continued our progress toward becoming an industry leading trusted advisor, ending the year third in the league tables for middle market loan syndications and achievingarecord number of lead left transactions, up 11% from 2018. Commercial clients continued to recognize the value we bring to their business, as we received an overall 95% client satisfaction score in Barlow’s 2019 Voice of the Client survey. And for the second year in a row we were ranked by Global Finance magazine as best Treasury and Cash Management Bank in the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest regions. READY TO FACE THE FUTURE As we look to the future, it’s clear that the banking industry is evolving rapidly and dramatically, driven by customer demands for great experiences, simple solutions and innovative ideas. Traditional and non-traditional players are increasingly seeking to make inroads into our core businesses. At the same time, industry tailwinds are beginning to slow, with a more modest economic growth outlook and tougher rate environment. While these shifting conditions create challenges for the industry, they also present enormous opportunities for firms that are able to harness the power of technology and innovation for the benefit of customers. With that in mind, we began work in 2019 on a major cost and operating model program designed to transform key aspects of our business model to enablealong-term strategy to meet the challenges and seize the opportunities presented by a transforming financial services market. This has meant looking across the organization to identify ways to reduce complexity, deploy the latest technology, and improve how we operate, while positioning us to fund key strategic revenue initiatives to help us deliver best-in-class customer experiences and drive revenue growth well into the future. Our current plans are to reinvest capacity unlocked by our transformation and efficiency programs into several innovative longer-term strategic revenue initiatives. These include expanding our digital direct bank, Citizens Access®, to provide digitally native customers withacomprehensive suite of products, further innovating our point-of-sale financing capabilities to help customers better optimize their spending; and creating advanced digital capabilities for Business Banking customers and smaller, underserved Middle Market clients. Innovating to grow our bank by expanding digital banking and point-of-sale capabilities We are confident that these programs will enable us to continue to grow our revenues and customer base, while delivering positive operating leverage and competing effectively into the future. We have had historical success in growing new revenue streams through innovation, in areas such as student loan refinancing, the Apple iPhone upgrade program, and our nationwide digital bank, and believe this is another unique aspect of the Citizens culture that positions us well for future success. PROGRESS IN CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY Key to realizing our vision of becoming a top-performing bank and delivering enhanced shareholder returns isacommitment to robust corporate governance based on a culture of strong ethics and transparency, as well as environmental and social principles that reflect our core values. Over the past five years, we have worked diligently to build outarobust corporate governance framework. Our commitment in this area begins with an active and informed board of directors. With their leadership and shareholder support and feedback, we have continued to institute best practices in corporate governance, including fostering board independence and expertise, committing to strong financial transparency, refining compensation practices to align director and management interests with those of shareholders, making a commitment to pay equity and creating a culture of strong risk management. We have also sought to enhance shareholder rights and significantly improve shareholder communications by instituting a majority voting standard for director elections, initiating proxy access, and submitting a proposal this year to grant shareholders the right to call a special meeting. In early 2020, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee was given formal responsibility for the oversight of our commitment to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters and reporting. We have commencedaformal ESG materiality assessment to identify the issues that represent the most significant opportunities to help further guide our efforts to continue to drive strong corporate governance and responsible, sustainable growth. In the area of environmental sustainability, we measure, track and report our progress and performance through an annual CDP disclosure. We continue to collaborate with various climate change leaders withagoal of developing innovative ways to mitigate our environmental impact. Further, we actively manage environmental risk through our Enterprise Risk Management Governance Framework, which is overseen by the Risk Committee of the Board. Another area where we have made progress is helping to fund renewable energy. We have invested in seven U.S. wind farm projects since mid-2015, which totaled more than $355 million at the end of 2019 up 11% from the prior year. Making Citizens a great place to work, grow and build a career is a key driver of our ESG focus. During 2019, we once again improved our Organizational Health Index score, approaching the top quartile for this important measure. We continue to attract great talent into the bank, have enhanced the training and development opportunities available to colleagues, and have begun to deploy agile work structures in our mortgage business and other key areas. New resources made available to colleagues include an internal career site, colleague-wellness hub and the rollout of Myca, an AI-powered virtual career coach. In 2019, colleagues completed more than 432,000 hours of training, and more than 1,200 managers participated in leadership development programs. Additionally, 4,600 colleagues were promoted or took on new roles within the company. Helping drive this progress is TalentUp™, a broad-based program launched in 2019, through which we are investing in both internal and external talent to prepare them for the continual innovation, growth, and disruption of the marketplace. This approach serves to help position Citizens well as we transform for the future while further strengthening workforce capabilities within the communities we serve. One way to ensure we have a diverse workforce is by targeting college students and recent grads, and our program offerings give us an edge in attracting these workers. Gen Z talent looks for companies that offer more thanacompetitive compensation, which make Citizens’ workplace flexibility, career development opportunities and values-driven approach an excellent place to work and build a career. Our highly-rated internship and recent graduate programs are tailored to each colleague, giving them the opportunity to shape their experience alongside Wall Street veterans and innovators. These efforts are being recognized, with Forbes naming Citizens to its list of America’s Best Employers for New Graduates for the second year in a row. Citizens ranked number 16 on the 2019 list of 250 companies, up 27 places over 2018. Our colleagues are at the heart of everything we do, and key to our success is celebrating the diversity that we all bring to the table. As we align our actions to our values, I am especially pleased with our inclusive culture, which is based on ensuring that colleagues and customers alike are valued, respected and heard. We scored 100% on the Human Rights Campaign’s 2020 Corporate Equality Index, which evaluates company culture and benefits as they relate to LGBTQ rights. The perfect score is the culmination of our trajectory of progress, up from 90% in 2019 and 80% in prior years. Further, we ranked in the top third of 500 on the Forbes 2020 list of Best Employers for Diversity, which puts us ahead of 68% of companies on the list and above many prominent financial services names. We are proud to be recognized for the progress we’ve made, which is supported byarobust diversity and inclusion agenda that includes six rapidly growing Business Resource Groups, as well as programs that bring outside voices into the bank to further strengthen colleague appreciation for the power of an inclusive approach. Strengthening the communities we serve is central to the Citizens Credo and we demonstrated that commitment once again in 2019 with colleagues volunteeringarecord 144,000 hours, up from 133,000 hours in 2018. In 2019 colleagues volunteered more than 144,000 hours and served on 1,200 community boards and committees We also leveraged our national partnerships to broaden and magnify the impact of our corporate giving in the areas of financial literacy, fighting hunger and strengthening communities and made more than $1 million in matching gifts to amplify the generosity of colleague charitable giving. Our approach in this area underscores the importance and effectiveness of connecting the company’s actions to its mission and values in meaningful ways. CLOSING COMMENTS While we are seeing some challenges in the rate environment as we enter 2020, we are well situated to deliver strongly for all our stakeholders again this year. The key, as always, is to focus on the things we can control and keep customers at the center of everything we do. I would like to thank you, my fellow shareholders, as well as our customers and nearly 18,000 dedicated colleagues for your support over the past year. I would also like to thank our board of directors for their guidance and valuable contributions. I would especially like to thank Mark Casady, who has chosen not to stand for reelection to the board in 2020 due to time constraints, for his strong counsel and service. Additionally, I would like to thank Brad Conner, who retired as Vice Chairman of Consumer Banking early in 2020. Brad has been an essential partner and outstanding leader in positioning the Consumer Bank for future success, and we wish him well in the next phase of his life’s journey. We were pleased to be able to promote from within to fill this important leadership role, a sign of the strong talent we’ve assembled at Citizens. Looking to the year ahead and beyond, we will continue to “aim for excellence” across key dimensions. We have further work to do before we can realize our vision of being top-performing. However, our clear vision and proven ability to execute with excellence while looking to the opportunities ahead enables us to face the future with confidence.

Kind regards

Bruce Van Saun 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
