Dear fellow shareholders, I write to you amidst a world in flux and a year of ongoing uncertainty. At the present moment we are seeing rising levels of inflation, the conflict in Ukraine has led to personal tragedy and economic fallout, and all the while a global pandemic remains with us. Yet through it all, the people of Equitable Holdings have been resilient for their families and each other, whilst being steadfast for our clients. I want to extend my heartfelt appreciation for their dedication and perseverance. Together, we have lived up to our mission — to help our clients secure their financial well-being so they can pursue long and fulfilling lives. We accomplished this by recognizing the change around us from adapting how we work to seeing how our clients are reimagining fulfillment in retirement, continuously evolving our 163-year-old institution. Our resilience has allowed us to thrive, but our success in delivering strong financial results would not be possible without our shareholders’ continued trust and without the support of our partners. We experienced a record year and are in a position of strength for the future, generating $2.8 billion of non-GAAP operating earnings.1 Our assets under management grew to $908 billion, supported by strong net flows across our retirement and asset management businesses, as well as robust equity markets. Even more importantly, we paid out nearly $5 billion in benefits to help families when they needed us most. At the same time, our fair value economic approach continues to position us well for the future, creating an additional competitive advantage and ensuring we deliver on our promises. We continue to prioritize and maintain the strength of our balance sheet, with $1.6 billion of cash at Equitable Holdings and a risk-based capital ratio (RBC) ahead of our target at 440%. But the meaning of shareholder value is evolving. No longer solely defined by financial returns, it is also reflected in how we leverage our “big systems” to help society solve deep challenges like racial equity and climate change. In 2021 we led a consortium of 14 of our industry peers in establishing the Coalition for Equity in Wholesaling to increase the hiring, retention and career advancement of diverse wholesalers. And, we furthered our commitment to be a force for good by developing our ESG strategy and publishing our first-ever ESG report which highlights the work we are doing across the organization to serve all stakeholders. Whilst we have shown progress in these areas, we know there is much more to be done. Last year, we were very fortunate to have Joan LammTennant accept the Board’s invitation to become Chair. She brings a personal passion and deep experience to the role that is invaluable. Following her appointment, we joined just 4% of Fortune 500 companies with a female as independent Board Chair. Again, I want to extend my thanks to the 12,200 employees and financial professionals of Equitable Holdings for all their hard work. I am so proud of all that we accomplished together in 2021 and I am hopeful for what lies ahead. 

Sincerely,

Mark Pearson

CEO
