To Our Shareholders

The disruption we’ve all faced over the past two years because of the pandemic can be, at times, all-consuming. But then something happens that serves as a reminder of the bigger picture—or perhaps more appropriately, our bigger purpose. For me, that reminder came after deadly tornadoes tore through the Midwest in December, affecting Customers, Agents and Employees in Kentucky, Tennessee, Illinois, Indiana and Ohio. There’s no such thing as a good time for a natural disaster to hit. But it’s hard to imagine a time worse than during the holiday season. Within 48 hours, word started to come in from across ERIE’s footprint. Not just the reports of damage, but the stories of service. The remarkable ways The ERIE Family was stepping up in the aftermath of this disaster. An Agent from Illinois delivering generators to one of the hardest hit areas in Kentucky, and another from Virginia offering $5,000 for impacted families. Outreach and assistance from colleagues in states as far away as North Carolina. And of course, the tireless dedication of our Sales, Claims and Catastrophe Response teams, along with our agency force, many of whom spent the holidays away from their families to help others. In Kentucky, which has been part of our footprint for just a few years, many Agents and Customers had never experienced what it really means to be part of The ERIE Family at a time of tremendous loss. In insurance, we rightfully call it a moment of truth. These displays of humanity served as a reminder about not just what we do at ERIE, but how and why we do it. The reason we’re all here is to make Customers whole again after a loss, and ERIE does that better than anyone else. That’s because of the human touch that’s been our differentiator and source of success for 97 years. It’s built into the foundation of what we stand for and how we operate, and it shines most brightly on the darkest days. The pandemic has persisted far longer than any of us expected. As a company, we’ve found resiliency by leaning on our foundation—just as we do when weathering any storm. Over the past year, however, our perspectives shifted. A return to normalcy, as we’ve always known it, may never come. Instead, the nature of how we work and do business has changed at an even faster pace than anyone could have imagined. In 2021, we changed our focus from resiliency to reinvention—creating a model to introduce new ways of providing service and pioneering what’s next for ERIE. We solidified a strategy that puts the human touch—delivered by our agency force—at the center while expanding our digital tools and services to meet Customers where they are and when they want. And we recognized that with a sturdy foundation, we can build anything. Building on Our Foundation A symbol of that vision can be seen in the new Thomas B. Hagen Building, named, of course, for Erie Indemnity’s distinguished Chairman of the Board. The building was dedicated in September at a ceremony attended by Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf. While the event was delayed by 17 months due to the pandemic, we turned it into an advantage: The dedication date of September 15 was the 68th anniversary of the day Tom Hagen joined Erie Insurance. His humble start as a part-time file clerk eventually led to the corner office as CEO and service as non-executive Chairman since 2007. The Thomas B. Hagen Building is seven stories of gleaming glass, state-of-the-art workspaces and sweeping views of the City of Erie. But the most striking view, to me, is just outside ERIE’s first owned home office building, known today as the Erie Insurance Heritage Center. The Hagen Building not only connects to the Heritage Center—it embraces it. Together, they serve as a brick-and-mortar representation of how our unwavering commitment to service has led to remarkable growth over more than nine decades. When the Hagen Building was designed, it was targeted to provide space for expanding Employee ranks supporting our robust business growth. It goes without saying that the nature of work has changed since those plans were put into place—and the ways we come together in our physical spaces will likely be different going forward. We were hopeful to begin returning more of our workforce to our physical offices in 2021, but ultimately paused those reset plans in the interest of health and safety. As we take a deliberate approach to returning Employees to our offices, the Hagen Building provides us ample space and an inspiring environment to do so safely and in inventive new ways. Standing Tall Yet another point of pride for the year came when we reached a significant milestone: six million policies in force. This wouldn’t have been possible without our hardworking agency force and dedicated sales and underwriting teams. Our steady-as-you-go approach to pricing and commitment to long-term profitability has served us well in reaching this milestone and positions us for continued growth as we look to seven million policies in force and a century of service. This steady approach is also why the organization has managed, despite external challenges, to maintain a solid financial position for both Erie Indemnity and Erie Insurance Exchange. The relationship between these two entities is an important one: The financial health and viability of the Exchange, the primary insurer we manage, is a significant driver of Indemnity’s success. In 2021, the Exchange grew property and casualty premium 3.3 percent over 2020, largely driven by strong retention and 9 percent growth in new policies written compared to the prior year. New and enhanced products in both personal and commercial lines had significant impacts on that growth: • ERIE’s Personal Umbrella product, refreshed and rolled out across our footprint in 2021, provides protection beyond what auto and home insurance policies cover. In 2021, new business direct written premium for personal umbrella was up more than 30 percent versus 2020. • ErieSecure Business®, introduced in late 2020, is a customizable commercial multi-peril product that Agents quote, on average, in just over seven minutes. It exceeded expectations last year—generating nearly $200 million in new written premium and providing protection to more than 75,000 businesses. During the first half of the year, losses remained at lower-than-normal levels due to a relatively mild spring and continued reduction in driving due to the pandemic. However, that shifted in the second half of 2021, as driving returned to a nearly pre-pandemic level and supply chain issues led to increased costs for automobiles, parts and building supplies. An increase in weather-related losses in the third quarter was then compounded by the catastrophic Midwest tornadoes in December. These factors contributed to a year-end combined ratio of 103.9 percent, compared to 93.7 percent at the end of 2020. Growth in our investment portfolio enabled us to grow Policyholder surplus for the Exchange to $11.7 billion, up a little over $1 billion for the year. It’s worth noting that over just the past five years, surplus has grown by more than $4 billion. For Indemnity, operating income for the year ended at $318 million, down $20 million compared to 2020. Investment income grew to $67 million, up a total of $35 million compared to a year ago. Indemnity had net income of $298 million in 2021, an increase of nearly $5 million compared to 2020. All told, you can be confident in the financial stability of your company and in our commitment to its continued strength and growth. Breaking New Ground To follow through on our commitment, we’ve been fine-tuning a strategy that puts people— namely our Agents and Customers—at the center while embracing technology in ways that are distinctly ERIE. Being fully present and operational in the digital space is critical, and we’ve been making a lot of strides in that arena in the past decade. That digital drumbeat, however, has only intensified over the past two years. The same technology that has allowed us to transcend physical location to connect and collaborate virtually has also changed the way consumers interact with companies. They’ve grown to expect the same level of ease when doing business with their insurance provider as they do with their favorite online retailer. Some carriers are responding with end-to-end digital interactions, eliminating all personal contact. That’s not who we are or what we strive to be. Our unique relationship with our agency force provides an opportunity to do digital differently; to not just meet the competition, but to BE the competition. We’re focused on giving Customers access to digital tools when they want it and contact with a person when they need it. We’re also taking an outside-in approach to service delivery and product development— using Customer data to drive our strategic priorities across the enterprise. This will ensure that we deliver seamless and satisfying Customer experiences and provide Agents with data-tested products and services to help them grow their business. An example of that is YourTurn®, our telematics program that tracks driving behaviors and rewards safe drivers. Nearly 50,000 drivers are now registered on ERIE’s platform, which is offered to Customers in eight states. A focus on speed of service, convenience and customization has also been seen in enhancements made in 2021 to our Online Account platform. The new chat function gives Customers the option to have a realtime conversation with an ERIE Customer Care representative online. The average response time is just 17 seconds and 95 percent of chats were answered within 40 seconds. The new paperless billing option introduced to Online Account Customers in March allows them to choose their billing preference. To date, more than 100,000 policies are enrolled. Over time, this will significantly cut paper and mailing costs and supports our commitment to being a good steward of environmental resources. Additionally, claims handlers can now contact claimants by text message. We’re seeing great initial usage rates for this service, with the Claims team engaging in more than 16,000 text conversations per month and 72 percent of applicable Customers opting in. These advancements—and the early engagement data from Agents and Customers—show that the human touch doesn’t always require a phone call or a handshake. Sometimes it means meeting Customers where they are and in the manner they prefer. Reinforcing Our Values We recognize that a key part of supporting our Customers, Agents and Employees includes supporting and embracing the people and communities where we do business. To do that most effectively, in 2021 our philanthropic and community development efforts were aligned with our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI). Christina Marsh, a 27-year Employee of ERIE, was appointed the company’s first Chief Diversity and Community Development Officer—reporting to me and bringing together these key functions. This was a strategic move, but also a very natural one. A vibrant and diverse downtown Erie, Pennsylvania, will attract new businesses and people, helping us recruit and retain top talent. And a diverse pool of Employees and Agents that reflect the communities we serve is good for business—by increasing opportunities to grow market share and bringing broader perspectives and experiences to our teams. An example of that can be seen in our recent partnership with The Precisionists, an organization focused on employment for people with disabilities. With them, we’re piloting a program to engage individuals with autism as consultants in project-based work on our teams in Data, Human Resources and Information Technology. Eighty percent of adults with autism in the U.S. are unemployed or underemployed, according to The Precisionists. Yet, when properly assessed and trained, people with autism and other neurodiversities are extremely high-performing Employees. This partnership promises to be a win-win—helping ERIE build a more diverse workforce while making a positive difference in the lives of these talented individuals. Another point of pride is the work being done in the Erie, Pennsylvania, community. In 2021, we introduced new grant opportunities ranging from $25,000 to $150,000 for nonprofits in Erie that focus on school readiness and after-school activities for children. We also announced a $100,000 investment in the Minority Community Investment Coalition to support outreach initiatives focused on improving health equity in Erie. The new Hagen Building certainly reshaped the city’s landscape last year, but it was far from the only transformational change. A number of revitalization efforts led by the Erie Downtown Development Corporation (EDDC), for which ERIE is a major investor, came to fruition in 2021. Several new apartments and locally operated retail spaces opened by the EDDC last year were joined in November by the Flagship City Food Hall, featuring nine local food vendors representing global and regional cuisines. Even more is ahead, but suffice it to say, downtown Erie has already been transformed, and I couldn’t be more excited about this progress. Looking Up and Ahead We all went into 2021 with a lot of expectations— for normalcy, for stability, for answers. In many ways, it can feel like those expectations weren’t met. That is, until there’s a reminder of the bigger picture. At ERIE, we embraced a new form of normal while maintaining the spirit of the one we previously knew. We accepted that change is not only required, it also can be revitalizing—and that it can happen while staying true to time-honored values and principles. And while we can never have all the answers about what’s ahead, I’m confident in the future of ERIE—because it’s being built on the strongest foundation there is. Thank you, Shareholders, for your enduring support, trust and engagement in this great company. Together, we have much to look forward to as we head toward a century of service and success. 

Best,

Tim NeCastro 

President and CEO
