TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

During the first quarter of 2020, our country and the world found itself in the beginning of what continues to be a significant battle against COVID-19. Our priority has been the health and safety of our employees and their families, our customers, and our communities, as well as those of our subsidiaries. Today, we hope our shareholders and constituents, our FNF family, are all safe and well. After a year full of uncertainty, we are proud of the results we were able to deliver in 2020 which resulted in a record year for our title business. Our team’s tremendous efforts during such an unprecedented time enabled us to execute on our strategy and deliver superior, industry leading performance. We generated total revenue of $10.8 billion, net earnings of $1.4 billion and robust cash flow from operations. Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $5.08 and adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations were $5.34. Our title business generated record adjusted pre-tax title earnings of $1.8 billion, with a record adjusted pre-tax title margin of 19.6%. Total commercial revenue for the full year was approximately $1.0 billion, as we experienced a nice rebound in the fourth quarter. Our balance sheet remained strong as we ended the year with just under $1.0 billion of holding company cash and short-term liquid investments. Building on our long history of investing in, developing, and adopting technology, we continued to execute on key technology initiatives in 2020 that are designed to transform the experience of buying, selling, or refinancing a home. In early March, just prior to the pandemic, we completed our migration to the cloud. This multi-year effort provided critical flexibility for the company as interest rates dropped, volume increased and the vast majority of our staff made the transition to working from home. In early 2020, we expanded our WireSafe programs to include the first component of our inHere® Experience Platform, reducing the risk of wire fraud and improving the initial experience for consumers when starting a real estate transaction. By the end of 2020, FNF title companies had delivered over one million digital opening packages to consumers driving change in our industry at scale. Throughout 2020, we executed on initiatives that improved the production and delivery of our core title products. We realized the benefit of a decade and a half of investment in AI and machine learning during 2020 with nearly three quarters of our 2.9 million direct title transactions processed leveraging our proprietary title automation technology. Our title automation technology and the cloud-based engines that search, collect, and process data contributed to record margins. In December of 2020 we announced the inHere® Experience Platform, which leverages our significant national footprint, network of expert local escrow and settlement professionals, and the latest cloud-based technology. FNF is committed to the development and adoption of innovative technology in the title and real estate industries for the benefit of all of our customers, employees, and shareholders. Following the termination of our proposed acquisition of Stewart Information Services, the Board and management team underwent a comprehensive review of FNF’s capital allocation strategy, determining that expansion into the annuity market through the acquisition of FGL Holdings (“F&G”), would best maximize value for our shareholders. As a minority owner in F&G, prior to the acquisition, our team had come to know the business and developed a deep respect for its management team. The acquisition closed in June 2020, and since closing we have been very pleased with F&G and their continued ability to execute on their growth strategy, aided by their credit rating upgrade as a result of FNF’s balance sheet which has opened large, new market opportunities. We are very pleased with the early success that F&G has achieved entering the bank and broker dealer channel where they have generated $500 million of channel sales since launch in early July. As we move into 2021, expansion into institutional products, including the pension risk transfer market, will also be an area of strategic focus for F&G. We expect F&G’s next phase of growth to benefit from leveraging FNF’s expertise in capital allocation, value creation and strategic oversight. Throughout the year we remained committed to value creation through the means of our quarterly cash dividend and share repurchases. For the ninth straight year, our board elected to increase our quarterly cash dividend and increased our fourth quarter dividend to $0.36 per share, a 9.0% increase from the previous quarterly cash dividend of $0.33 per share. In October 2020, we announced a plan targeting $500 million of share purchases over the following twelve months, and during the year we repurchased over 7.5 million shares for a total of approximately $244 million. The board continuously evaluates the Company’s capital allocation program to deploy a thoughtful capital allocation plan that is centered on delivering value to our shareholders. FNF has a long history of delivering consistent, industry-leading operating results and investment returns to our shareholders. FNF’s successful operating model is reinforced by our approach to Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) factors across our company. In 2020, we released our first sustainability report and we continued to enhance our ESG efforts through our Digital Strategy Initiative which centers around our paperless technology programs and through our commitment to diversity as demonstrated by our board composition. Though we continue to find ourselves living in unprecedented times as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and fully recognize the challenges and uncertainties that a global pandemic inflicts on all of us, we remain cautiously optimistic looking to the year ahead. We are not only proud of our 2020 financial results, but proud of our efforts to drive the industry forward through our successful technology rollouts and deployments, leveraging the FNF portfolio of companies to drive change in the real estate market. We thank all of our employees for their efforts in 2020 and our shareholders for their ongoing support.

Raymond R. Quirk 

Chief Executive Officer
