TO OUR VALUED SHAREHOLDERS This past year created some of the greatest challenges we have seen in our lifetimes as the coronavirus pandemic impacted virtually every facet of our lives. As a critical infrastructure provider, our responsibility at FIS was a weighty one: to keep the world’s financial systems and economy running without interruption while protecting the health and safety of our workforce. I cannot be prouder of the way our colleagues rose to that challenge in 2020. In the face of enormous obstacles, they came through for our clients, communities and shareholders. 2020 Financial Results Our diversified portfolio of businesses and solutions enabled us to deliver solid financial results despite the unprecedented impact of the pandemic. For the full year of 2020, we reported revenue of $12.55 billion, up 21% from the prior year, primarily due to the acquisition of Worldpay, while organic revenue decreased 1% from the prior year. Continued strong growth in our banking and capital markets businesses was offset by lower revenue in our merchant business, where pandemic-related restrictions led to a drop in payment transaction volumes, especially in harder-hit industries such as travel, airlines and restaurants. At the bottom line, we reported full-year 2020 net earnings attributable to common stockholders of $158 million, or $0.25 per diluted share. Adjusted 2020 net earnings per share declined slightly to $5.46 per diluted share compared to $5.61 for full-year 2019. Operating cash flow in 2020 was strong at $4.44 billion, enabling us to continue investing in our business while further reducing debt and maintaining a strong balance sheet. We paid dividends of $868 million during the year, and recently the board of directors announced an 11% increase to our annual dividend as well as a share repurchase authorization for 100 million shares as part of our ongoing focus on returning capital to our shareholders. We also made significant progress with our Worldpay integration efforts and continue to be well ahead of our threeyear synergy targets. We exited 2020 with more than $750 million in cost synergies through the acquisition and more than $200 million in revenue synergies as we continue to benefit from increased cross-selling opportunities that take advantage of the unique combination of capabilities across our portfolio. COVID-19 Pandemic Response and Relief from FIS Colleagues As the pandemic spread to the industries and communities we serve, FIS colleagues around the world sprang into action to provide relief and recovery support to our clients. We rapidly implemented our Real-Time Lending platform to speed the processing of hundreds of thousands of emergency loans under the U.S. CARES Act, enabling our merchant and small business customers to continue operating while protecting jobs. We partnered with state governments to provide pandemic food benefits via electronic benefits transfer (EBT) cards to families in need. We equipped our merchant clients with virtual terminals, contactless payments technology and other digital solutions to enable them to take online and curbside orders so they could safely continue to operate during the pandemic. Throughout our response and relief efforts, we remained focused on ensuring the health and safety of our colleagues. We moved quickly to transition the majority of our global workforce to a safe, virtual work environment, and in a matter of weeks, we pivoted from having less than 10% of our employees working remotely to nearly 95% working in a virtual environment. In addition to providing our employees with state-of-the-art online collaboration tools needed to do their jobs virtually, we supported them with enhanced telehealth benefits, mental health resources and a “global day off” in recognition of their tireless efforts. We also expanded our FIS Cares program into a global initiative, granting tens of thousands of dollars to colleagues around the world who faced hardship because of the pandemic and other challenging situations. I would also like to highlight the countless ways our employees came together during the crisis to assist the local communities where we do business around the world. From running fundraising drives and distributing personal protection equipment to front-line medical workers, to donating thousands of prepaid cards to military families both home and abroad, the core “Be the Change” principle of FIS has been on full display over the past year. Accelerating the Shift to Digital Everything A crisis has a way of serving as a catalyst for positive change and spurring innovative new approaches to solving problems and serving client needs. The COVID-19 crisis has been such a catalyst. By restricting physical interaction and contact, the pandemic has accelerated the shift to digital channels and technologies that had been evolving for years but not at mass adoption. Unable to visit the local bank branch or department store, dine out at their favorite restaurant or sit down with their financial advisor, people of all ages have taken to their mobile phones and tablets in record numbers to pay, bank and invest. Because of the work we’ve done in recent years to transform our solution portfolio with investments in leading-edge digital and cloud-based technologies, FIS has been able to work sideby-side with our clients to help them meet these changing needs. Across our global client base, we’ve seen significantly increased adoption of cloud-based technologies; of mobile and online banking; of e-commerce and contactless payments; of artificial intelligence, machine learning and advanced data analytics. We’ve also been able to leverage our advanced, cloud-based services network, which today is delivering more than 75% of our computing workload through our secure FIS cloud. These digital capabilities enabled us to maintain our high service levels during the crisis while operating in a mostly remote working environment. Tasks that would have been considered out of reach just a few years ago – such as implementing complex conversions of core banking systems entirely virtually, or tripling the capacity of our global trading systems in real time to accommodate unprecedented volatility – we are now doing as a matter of course. While the pandemic will eventually abate, many of these fundamental shifts in consumer behaviors are here to stay and are likely to accelerate in the coming years. That’s why, over the past 12 months, we have accelerated the pace of innovation. In the midst of a pandemic, we brought to market more than 60 new solutions, including our next-generation Access Worldpay payment gateway, our Ethos suite of data analytics products and our ClearEdge subscription-based core banking solution for community banks. We launched a FIS Ventures to identify and invest promising early-stage venture technologies and “big bet” solutions that can take FIS and our clients into the future. We rolled out a new enterprise commercialization strategy to enhance the quality and speed the process of bringing new solutions to market. We also moved more than 90% of our merchant clients outside the U.S. to our state-of-the-art New Acquiring Platform, making it easier than ever for them to expand into new markets and accept payments in local currencies and popular payment methods. All this progress has positioned FIS to accelerate our growth as economic trends improve. Consider some of the breakthrough business we have won over the past year: Union Bank, Goldman Sachs, and AAA – The Auto Club Group joined a growing list of financial institutions to choose the FIS next-generation Modern Banking Platform to support their future growth, taking advantage of the platform’s powerful digital functionality and flexible, modular architecture. Walgreens and another top U.S. pharmacy chain chose our Premium Payback solution to offer real-time loyalty points redemption capabilities for their customers at the point of sale, becoming part of a growing roster of retailers and merchants that are tapping into the power of the Premium Payback network. BNP Paribas chose FIS to transform its post-trade derivatives clearing operation, enabling the bank to enhance customer service and operational efficiencies while reducing risk. One of the world’s largest e-commerce marketplaces, which uses FIS to process its online payments, chose our corporate treasury management solution to enhance its cash management operations. The Reynolds and Reynolds Company, a leading provider of automotive dealership software, chose Worldpay from FIS to be its exclusive payments provider, handing all payment processing activities for the company’s ReyPAY integrated payment solution for automobile dealerships. A leading Peruvian financial services provider chose FIS as its exclusive processor for an innovative new virtual debit card that will be used to provide government relief funding to citizens that have been impacted by the pandemic. Within our IT infrastructure, we are focused on continuing and accelerating our own digital transformation, building on the progress we’ve made in recent years in our data center consolidation pro we’ve made in recent years in our data center consolidation program. The next phase of our program, which is underway, involves gram. The next phase of our program, which is underway, involves using advanced data analytics automation, and a modular, component-based approach architecture to enhance our enterprise wide applications and provide our clients with greater flexibility, performance and resiliency. Advancing Sustainability – Our Commitment to Responsible Corporate Citizenship The COVID-19 pandemic reminded us in ver The COVID-19 pandemic reminded us in very real ways that we live in an interconnected world that is only as healthy as the peop y real ways that we live in an interconnected world that is only as healthy as the people and communities living in it. The social unrest we’ve witnessed in many o communities living in it. The social unrest we’ve witnessed in many of our global communities during this difficult year has als f our global communities during this difficult year has also shone o shone a spotlight on the need for sustainable social change and a renewed commitment to inclusion and diversity. As well, the very re spotlight on the need for sustainable social change and a renewed commitment to inclusion and diversity. As well, the very real effects of climate change demand that we do our part to protect the planet for future generations. FIS is committed to help lead that change in the industries we serve and the communities where we live and work. As a large global provider of financial technology, we are committed to being a responsible corporate citizen and seeking to ensure that no one is left behind as the digital economy continues to advance. Over the past year, we have redoubled our commitment to corporate and environmental sustainability and to improving and sustaining a workplace that values diversity and inclusion. Among other actions we have taken, FIS has set aspirational goals to: Increase the representation of Black and Latinx leaders in our organization Deploy diversity and inclusion and unconscious bias training for all of our colleagues Increase our supplier spend with minority-owned businesses and take new measures to operate a more sustainable supply chain Invest $30 million in minority-owned fintech companies, venture funds and startups Increase our corporate donations and employee volunteer efforts to support financial inclusion and literacy Achieve 100% carbon neutrality for our Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2025 Source 100% renewable energy by 2025 Become a signatory to the “America is All In” declaration for climate action Recognizing the financial challenges facing today’s college graduate and the pressures created by growing student loan debt, we also recently announced a groundbreaking program to repay eligible student loan debt for newly hired U.S. college graduates in our FIS University program who continue in the program after one year. The program, the first of its kind in the financial services industry, will better enable FIS to be a fintech employer of choice and attract the talent we need to continue our success and growth. Advancing the Future Looking ahead to 2021, I could not be more optimistic about our prospects. While the ongoing pandemic continues to create uncertainties in the marketplace, FIS has a strong foundation to build on. We have a highly differentiated business model, unrivaled global scale and delivery resources, a powerful portfolio of end-to-end solutions and a clear strategy for growth. Our clients are increasingly entrusting FIS with their most strategic, mission-critical technology projects. Together with them and our communities, FIS is advancing the way the world pays, banks and invests. I look forward to reporting to you on our continued progress. 

Sincerely,

Gary Norcross 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
