Dear Stockholder, 2021 was a transformational year for Genworth that resulted in a significantly strengthened financial position and new strategic direction. I am proud of our consistently strong operating performance and strategic progress during the year and believe we are well positioned as we move forward with plans to unlock stockholder value. Genworth delivered outstanding financial results in 2021, including U.S. GAAP net income for the full year of $904 million and adjusted operating income of $765 million. Enact had a record year and contributed $520 million in adjusted operating earnings to Genworth. The U.S. Life and Run-Off segments delivered combined adjusted operating earnings of $321 million, led by strength in Long-Term Care Insurance (LTC). We also ended the year with much stronger capital and liquidity positions. Successfully executed against strategic priorities We made incredible progress against our strategic priorities in 2021. Achieving milestones such as the completion of the partial IPO of Enact in September, the retirement of over $2.1 billion in holding company debt, and substantial risk reduction in our legacy LTC blocks helped to create the financial flexibility needed to consider options for stockholder capital return. The Enact IPO drove important benefits for both Genworth and Enact, generating cash proceeds for Genworth to reduce holding company debt, establishing Enact as a standalone company with a new Board of Directors and direct access to equity capital markets, and ultimately driving substantial improvements in credit ratings for both companies. Looking ahead, future cash flows from Genworth’s 81.6% retained interest in Enact will enable further de-levering and could allow for the return of capital to Genworth stockholders. Through our multi-year LTC rate action plan, or MYRAP, we delivered a new record for approved LTC rate increases of $403 million in 2021, from 45 states on 173 separate premium rate filings. LTC premium increases and benefit reductions achieved since 2012 have improved the legacy LTC portfolio by $19.6 billion on a net present value basis. Given this outstanding progress, I am more confident than ever that we can stabilize the legacy business, enabling Genworth to meet our obligations to policyholders while advancing our plans for future growth and value creation for our stockholders. Returning capital to stockholders remains a top priority. With $1.2 billion of holding company debt outstanding at the end of 2021, we are very close to achieving our debt target of approximately $1 billion, which will create flexibility for Genworth to consider paying dividends or repurchasing shares as part of a balanced capital allocation framework. I look forward to providing updates as we approach this important milestone in 2022. Our next chapter After emerging from a period of uncertainty and overseeing a dramatic recovery in Genworth’s financial condition, we are ready to write the company’s next chapter. We will leverage Genworth’s 40-plus years of experience and expertise in LTC to help solve the critical societal issue of ensuring access to affordable quality care for Americans as they age. To this end, we have launched a new business, Global Care Solutions, that will encompass several new ventures including fee-based advice and services as well as new insurance products to help customers navigate caregiving options, protect and grow their retirement income, and prepare for the challenges that come with aging. Our unique insights and ability to apply what we have learned, combined with the expertise and investment of third-party partners, have the potential to bring innovative, profitable, and much-needed solutions to consumers. I am confident we have the right team, strategy and experience, including an engaged Board with diverse perspectives, to capitalize on the significant growth opportunities we see ahead. We have important work to do, and it’s my personal mission to steer Genworth into this new phase for our stockholders, customers, and colleagues. I look forward to updating you as we continue this journey. As always, thank you for your investment and support. 

Cordially,

Thomas J. McInerney 

President and Chief Executive Officer
