Dear Guardian Community, This annual report covers an extraordinary period — a year that has presented challenges that were felt by us all. While this was an unprecedented year, our 161-year history has built us for these times. When the COVID-19 crisis began to unfold, we reaffirmed our commitment to our customers and ensured there was no impact on the quality of our service. We also adjusted policies to accommodate customers and partners in an uncertain time. Guardian employees and our partners demonstrated flexibility and resilience when we fully transitioned to remote work with one day’s notice. We achieved strong results by staying true to our values: people count, we do the right thing, and we hold ourselves to very high standards. We also strengthened our focus on diversity and inclusion against the backdrop of renewed action for racial equity and social justice. We emerged from this year a stronger, more resilient company, better positioned to serve our customers. Reflecting on our priorities We are proud of our 2020 financial results: we grew revenue and assets to keep the company strong, maintained top grades from all the major rating agencies, adapted our solutions to support our employee benefits broker community and group planholder customers, and paid the highest dividend ever to our whole life policyholders. We continue to commit to our customers and our partners, focused on three priorities: growth, mutuality, and culture. • Growth is critical to maintaining our top-rated balance sheet. This priority is essential if we are to offer the best possible group benefits policies, individual protection, investment products, and pay claims for generations to come. • Mutuality is central to our purpose. Being a mutual company means we can do what’s right for the long-term interests of our customers and remain economically strong. • Culture supports growth and mutuality. We value our employees being honest, inclusive, diverse, and accountable. This focus on culture allows us to find, retain, and develop exceptional talent. Our customers shape what we do Our customers have never been more digitally focused, which drives us to utilize technology to serve you better. Whether digitally or in person, technology will play an essential aspect of service. We took a big step toward digital service in 2020, shifting seamlessly to remote work during the pandemic. For example, we almost doubled our video and digital chat sessions with customers while continuing to provide exceptional service for those who chose to call us. Our performance depends on our 9,000 employees and the commitment they make every day to serving our customers. I am proud that Guardian was recognized in 2020 for our exceptional people and culture, including DALBAR service award, Great Place to Work® Institute, and the Human Rights Campaign. We know that our culture is crucial to our success. In 2020, we reaffirmed our commitment to providing an inclusive and diverse workplace where honesty, integrity, and accountability are valued. As a mutual, our company’s interests are aligned with policyholder interests. For over 160 years, we have been there for you, and our commitment has never wavered; we remain focused on the long term and in providing you financial security for decades to come. We are proud of what we achieved in 2020, and we strive to achieve even more in the future for our customers, employees, and communities. It is a promise to act for the greater good and serve more people and families with creative solutions. We are optimistic about the future and know that we can profoundly change lives by doing our best.

Andrew J. McMahon 

Chief Executive Officer and President
