Dear Shareholders,

 As I look back on 2020, my 10th year with The Hartford, I am inspired by the resilience of our organization and our people. Bolstered by a 210-year legacy of delivering for our customers, we successfully navigated unprecedented difficulties of an historic year, producing strong financial results and simultaneously making material progress on strategic initiatives that position us for a future of sustainable profitable growth. Over the past decade, we transformed our business to focus on the right market opportunities. We executed acquisitions, divestitures and organic growth initiatives; expanded the depth and breadth of our product portfolio; strengthened our financial performance; and enhanced the experience we deliver to customers through investments in innovative technologies. At the same time, we took actions to address climate change and promote gender and racial equity, pledging our continued vigilance and transparency. Through diligent execution of our strategic business plan, we solidified The Hartford’s capacity to operate with efficiency, invest for innovation and create compelling long-term value. We are now wellsituated to embrace the opportunities that lie ahead, as the U.S. and global economies emerge from the pandemic, and realize the full potential of our franchise. Today, our iconic brand operates with a clear purpose – underwriting human achievement – that transcends the products and services we offer. The Hartford’s reputation for using our resources to make a positive contribution to society reflects a dedication to fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce, engaging and supporting the communities where we live and work, focusing on important sustainability goals, and operating with the highest ethical standards.

I am proud of The Hartford’s culture of resilience and caring that contributed to our strong financial results in 2020 and position us for an amazing future. • Full year 2020 net income available to common stockholders of $1,716 million, or $4.76 per diluted share • Core earnings1 of $2,086 million, or $5.78 per diluted share • Net income ROE2 of 10.0% • Core earnings ROE2 of 12.7% • Book value per diluted share (ex. AOCI1 ) was $47.16 at Dec. 31, 2020 • Shareholder value creation3 (SVC) was 11% over last 12 months

RESPONDING TO COVID-19 The global COVID-19 pandemic upended nearly every aspect of the way we live and work. Despite history-making disruption across all sectors of society, The Hartford remained steadfast in our commitment to underwriting human achievement and delivering for our stakeholders. As the pandemic took hold, our employees moved almost exclusively to a remote work environment while maintaining their unwavering focus on helping business and individual customers. The Hartford activated resource contingency plans, assigning additional skilled personnel to meet urgent demand for access to critical benefit programs such as short-term disability, employer-sponsored leaves, paid family and medical leave, and life insurance. Among other actions, The Hartford waived late payment fees, offered flexible payment schedules and issued 15% refunds on personal auto insurance premiums in April, May and June of 2020. Additionally, our investments in capabilities enabled us to do business in new ways, facilitating customers’ increased reliance on digital channels, adapting to a sudden surge in product-specific claims volume, and continuing to enhance platforms and processes to offer speed and ease at every interaction.

We also found ways to go beyond the insurance policy to help people and communities. Recognizing the unique challenges faced by small, locally owned businesses, we partnered with Main Street America to provide $1 million in grants to community-based businesses – more than half of which are minority, female, veteran, disabled and/or LGBTQ+ owned. The Hartford also contributed $1 million in corporate and employee charitable donations to organizations on the front lines of battling the virus and fighting hunger. The Hartford’s employees rallied around small businesses, initiating virtual HartMobs – coming together to become customers of small businesses we insure – and creating an online shopping directory of customers and non-customers to help shoppers support small businesses across the country. We remained steadfast in our goal to impact 10 million lives by 2022, a number we are on track to reach through continued support of our employees who donate money and volunteer time to causes that are important to them. All the while, we maintained our focus on keeping our promises to customers and ensuring they get the financial support they are entitled to under the terms of their policies. Just as we have for more than two centuries, The Hartford delivered, paying $10.5 billion in claims during 2020. ADVANCING OUR STRATEGY IN 2020 The Hartford’s performance over this period confirms that our strategic priorities are aligned with customer, agent and marketplace needs. Over the years, we have deepened our competitive advantages across The Hartford’s business lines, which hold leading market positions with strong margins and opportunities for profitable growth. • Commercial Lines: Leader in the highly attractive small- and mid-sized business sectors, #8 in U.S. commercial lines4 • Group Benefits: #2 life and disability provider 5 , protecting over 25 million insureds with life, disability and supplemental health benefits through their employers • Personal Lines: 35-year partnership with AARP, focused on the age 50-plus demographic, #4 in direct personal lines6 • Hartford Funds: A high-return business with a unique sub-advisory business model. As of Dec. 31, 2020, 55% of funds were rated 4 or 5 stars by Morningstar

In 2020, The Hartford advanced initiatives throughout the enterprise that positioned us for profitable growth while enhancing customer experience. Nearly two years since the Navigators acquisition closed, we are poised to exceed core earnings and new business goals in Global Specialty. In Small Commercial, the launch of our next generation Spectrum® Business Owner’s Policy raised the bar for customer experience in buying and managing coverage. In Middle & Large Commercial, we completed the first year of a three-year plan to transform the underwriting process, provide a differentiated customer experience and grow our specialized verticals. In Personal Lines, we extended our AARP relationship with a new contract that runs through the end of 2032, solidifying our well-established and market-leading program for the age 50-plus market. Our expansive digital transformation included enhancements to our MyBenefits claimant portal, enabling improved service to Group Benefits customers during this critical period of heightened demand for service and support. LOOKING AHEAD For more than a year now, COVID-19 has impacted where we work, how we work and how we connect with one another. The resulting effects on the global economy, our industry and our customers are deep and profound, though I am optimistic that broad vaccination rollout and fiscal relief will help the U.S. economy continue to recover throughout 2021. The pandemic also compelled businesses to develop and adopt technologies at a quickened pace to meet urgent employee and customer needs. These improvements in the way we deliver for our customers are here to stay, and the disruptions to normal operations have ushered a new environment of accelerated innovation and speed to market. In this improving macroeconomic environment, the insurance industry is experiencing additional pricing tailwinds. Commercial lines continue to see strong and appropriate rate increases, driven by social inflation, more frequent catastrophe events and persistently low interest rates. Workers’ compensation continues to be a notable outlier with a slight negative rate, which we expect to moderate through 2021. Widespread lockdowns are accelerating many of the technology-enabled trends we anticipated and met with substantial investments. Virtual capabilities have become essential for carriers, brokers and customers and, in response, advancements in data, analytics, and artificial intelligence (AI) have enabled digital tools that are streamlining sales and underwriting practices, and improving service and claims experiences. We are extremely excited about the investments we have made in these areas and the services, tools and capabilities we have launched or planned for agents, brokers and customers. At the same time, alternative capital and insurtech funding continues to grow, and we continue to explore and invest in this dynamic space. The pandemic also is changing the way both employees and employers view benefits, driving interest in new products and services. Employers, recognizing the need to do more for their workforces, are seeking more online resources to support and engage their employees on benefits offerings. As stress and anxiety rise, supporting employee mental health remains a critical priority. Our leading role in Group Benefits positions us to meet these needs.

Customers are increasingly focused on mitigating risk. Employers’ demand for workforce COVID-19 detection and spread-prevention solutions has made health and temperature checks ubiquitous in the workplace. Vehicle owners have experienced the direct link between premium and miles driven in the form of industrywide COVID-19 related premium refunds, creating interest in telematics and usage-based auto insurance. Business owners and property managers seek remote property management solutions to risks associated with high office-vacancy rates. Our risk engineering services are supporting our customers as they respond to ever-changing circumstances. The Hartford will continue to study workplace and commuting patterns and predictions, now and post-pandemic, and closely monitor government response, including expected legislation related to health care, family leave, social equity and climate change. Industry leadership requires innovation and flexibility to keep pace with an ever-changing social and economic landscape and evolving market demands, including increased action and transparency related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) goals. The Hartford recognizes this as a time to provide creative solutions that drive long-term value and profitable growth, and we will continue executing on our enterprise priorities: Transforming our operations In 2021, we enter the second year of Hartford Next, our program to improve overall competitiveness, drive operational efficiencies and elevate service to agents and customers. Through diligent enterprisewide execution in 2020 – focused on innovation and streamlining processes – we surpassed expected expense-savings projections and cost-ratio improvements for 2020, putting us on track to hit a $500 million savings goal by 2022. While plans for Hartford Next were underway before we experienced the effects of the pandemic, the events of last year confirm that, more than ever, we must continue to capitalize on the transformational opportunities posed by a digital economy and advancements in data and technology. Hartford Next represents a disciplined multi-year project that is one element of our company’s continuous focus on improving efficiency. Investing in technology and digital capabilities Over the past several years, The Hartford has worked diligently to expand digital capabilities, simplify processes and platforms, elevate our underwriting discipline, and apply data and analytics to enhance products and services. These focused investments in resources and technology enabled our strong and agile response to the compounded challenges of 2020 and ensured we were ready to be there for our customers when they needed us most. For instance, The Hartford’s industry-leading Spectrum® Business Owner’s Policy uses advanced analytics to prefill underwriting information and offer real-time pricing and tailored recommendations for small business customers, while delivering an unparalleled agent quoting experience. We are reinventing the claims experience with capabilities such as virtual inspection and AI-enabled remote claims adjusting, harnessing technologies developed by cutting-edge insurtech companies. Moreover, our internal innovation efforts resulted in new services to meet our customers’ increased focus on risk mitigation. For example, we developed remote monitoring solutions to prevent or mitigate property losses, as well as workforce services to facilitate COVID-19 detection and spread-prevention.

Achieving a more equitable and inclusive society The Hartford has a well-established and widely-recognized reputation for diversity and inclusion (D&I) efforts. As an early signatory to the CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™ pledge and a governing committee member with the CEO Action for Racial Equity organization, I am personally committed to advancing change in our business and industry. Events in 2020 further exposed profound racial inequities afflicting our society and emphasized the need to do more. I am proud to share that The Hartford will accelerate enterprise progress through increased transparency, leader accountability, rigorous in-house and industry talent development, and strengthened inclusive capabilities. We published The Hartford’s EEO-1 data, along with additional information outlining the diversity of our workforce today and our goals for the future. Beginning in 2021, we will hold senior leaders accountable for achieving these goals through the addition of diversity, equity and inclusion criteria to our long-term incentive program metrics. Across the enterprise, we will continue to foster equitable workplaces where everyone is welcome, respected for who they are and encouraged to apply their unique perspectives to meet the needs of an increasingly diverse marketplace. The Hartford’s D&I initiatives align with a broader focus on sustainable performance and transparency. I am proud to lead a company that is dedicated to operating with character and making an impact for good. The Hartford remains committed to our corporate sustainability efforts: addressing the impacts of a changing climate, providing philanthropic support for our communities and maintaining an ethical culture. I encourage you to review the balance of our Proxy report and our upcoming Sustainability Highlight Report for additional details on how we’re addressing these pressing issues. The Hartford has withstood multiple recessions, two world wars and two global pandemics. As we have always done, we will apply our people, experience and expertise to achieve sustainable success and enhance value for our stakeholders. The Hartford stands firm in our commitment and resolve in the continued execution of our strategic business plan. With a recovering economy, a favorable insurance pricing environment, and clients whose businesses are beginning to thrive once again, I feel confident that the best is yet to come – for The Hartford and for the world around us. Thank you for your continued support. 

Sincerely,

Christopher J. Swift 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
