Dear Shareholders, The year 2020 was an extraordinarily challenging one for our country and the world. Lincoln entered the COVID-19 crisis from a strong position. As vaccination rates increase, we are emerging even stronger, due to our enhanced digital capabilities, expanded product portfolio, industry-leading distribution, sound balance sheet and risk management, and thoughtful cost control. Guided by a tested management team, and with an established strategy and history of effective execution, we are well prepared to advance our leadership positions in the Annuities, Life Insurance, Retirement Plan Services and Group Protection markets. 2020 financial performance In 2020, we delivered solid financial results in the face of elevated mortality and morbidity claims from COVID-19, as well as the resulting lower interest rate and challenging sales environments. Adjusted income from operations per diluted share of $4.451 and adjusted operating return on equity, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”), of 6.3%1 included charges from our annual actuarial assumption review and COVID-19 impacts. Book value per share, excluding AOCI, increased to a record $721 and statutory capital rose to $10.2 billion. Given the challenges of 2020 we are pleased with our results, and when mortality claims ultimately return to pre-pandemic levels, we expect earnings momentum to build in the second half of this year and into 2022. Beyond our financial performance we are also proud of progress we have made in our strategic priorities, which include: Leverage our powerful distribution, expand customer solutions and target attractive long-term growth opportunities Our “reprice, shift and add new” product strategy—combined with our industry-leading distribution platform—positions us for longterm growth and healthy returns. In 2020 we repriced products, as needed, to respond to lower interest rates and maintain appropriate returns, continued to shift sales towards shorter-duration and less interest rate-sensitive products, and rapidly scaled new products in fastgrowing market segments, such as our indexed variable annuity, to complement our existing best-in-class portfolio. Despite the pandemic, our variable annuity business achieved positive net flows for the first time since 2015, our Retirement Plan Services business had positive net flows for the sixth consecutive year and our Life Insurance and Group Protection businesses reported premium growth. Generate expense efficiency We continue to diligently manage expenses and execute on two significant expense saving programs: our strategic digitization initiative and our 2020 cost reduction program. First, our digitization initiative is progressing well and consistent with our expectations. We achieved a net benefit of $50 million in 2020 and expect to increase savings this year. Second, in 2021 we plan to make permanent the $100 million of savings achieved in 2020 through our 2020 cost reduction program. Additionally, we are pleased to have achieved expense synergies of $125 million from our group benefits acquisition – above our original target. Finally, given our expense efficiency mindset and record of cost-management success, we expect to identify additional savings opportunities in 2021. Maintain balance sheet strength We ended 2020 with $10.2 billion in statutory capital and increased our risk-based capital ratio to 451%. Holding company cash is above our $450 million target. We have a highly rated and well-diversified investment portfolio grounded in disciplined matching of assets to liabilities. Our multimanager framework rewards us with great access to investment opportunities and enhances our risk management analysis. We regularly assess our capital adequacy, liquidity and investment portfolio, and take appropriate actions to ensure we maintain our financial strength even in severe economic scenarios. Lincoln’s insurance companies hold among the highest financial strength ratings in the industry. We are proud that rating agencies continue to recognize our strong business profile, operating performance and capital position. Allocate capital to its best use While balance sheet strength and our policyholders are always top of mind, our high-quality in-force business generates significant recurring capital, which helps us enhance shareholder value. While we paused share repurchases in the second and third quarters as we prioritized balance sheet strength amidst uncertainty due to the pandemic, we confidently reinitiated buybacks in the fourth quarter. Ultimately, we allocated nearly $600 million towards stock buybacks and dividends and pre-funded $300 million of debt in 2020. We also increased our dividend for the eleventh consecutive year. We are well-positioned to continue to fund new business growth at attractive returns while returning a significant amount of capital to shareholders. Value our employees Talent is a key driver of Lincoln’s success. As a result, we have established several strategic priorities that make sense for our business and are the right things to do. These priorities include diversity and inclusion, employee development and promotion opportunities and competitive compensation. We are proud to rank among Forbes’ World’s Best Employers, Best Large Employers, Best Employers for Diversity and Best Employers for Women. We also received a perfect score on both the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index and the Disability Equality Index. All our stakeholders benefit from our initiatives. Importantly, our employees are rewarded for our collective success – over the past decade, salaries for non-executives increased at a faster rate than the average wages for the United States population. At the outset of the COVID-19 crisis we acted to protect our employees. Nearly overnight we seamlessly moved about 11,000 employees from the office to home with minimal disruption to business operations, customer service or partners. Our distribution partners rose to the challenge and shifted their approach to business, embracing, and in fact thriving in, a virtual environment. Throughout the past year we have continued to both meet the needs of all Lincoln stakeholders and protect the well-being of our employees. Commit to racial and social justice, our communities and sustainability In 2020 we were reminded how far our country still must go to reach our ideals of racial and social justice. Diversity, inclusion and equity are intrinsic to Lincoln’s culture. As part of our plan to advance racial equity, Lincoln is: taking steps to increase Black employee populations and grow our network of Black financial advisors; focusing on increasing minority leadership at Lincoln and tying leaders’ compensation to Diversity and Inclusion objectives; expanding the Diversity and Inclusion function; and leveraging Lincoln’s Foundation to support diverse communities. Though there is much more to do, we are proud of the steps we are taking. We remain committed to our communities and environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters. In 2020 Lincoln donated more than $10 million to those impacted by COVID-19 and our employees discovered new ways to volunteer virtually in their local communities. We are mindful that our attention to ESG matters is essential to sustainable growth, and we integrate these considerations into our assessments of risks and opportunities. Our commitment is demonstrated by our inclusion on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index and FTSE4Good and in Newsweek’s Most Responsible Companies. In closing, on behalf of Lincoln’s Board of Directors, management and employees, we thank you for your continued trust and investment. As the world emerges from an unprecedented year, our focus remains on our customers, shareholders, employees and distribution partners. We at Lincoln hope you and your family are safe. As we look to the future, our financial strength, veteran management team and talented employees position us well to meet Americans’ protection and retirement needs, drive robust financial performance and deliver long-term shareholder value.

Dennis R. Glass

President and CEO
