TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, COLLEAGUES AND CLIENTS, 2020 was a year when every moment mattered. Around the world, no organization was unaffected or unchanged as we all navigated the crisis of a global pandemic, a global economic crisis, another devastating year in a gathering climate crisis, and an overdue reckoning with race, equity and social justice. No one could plan for such a year, but looking back, our company was ready. 

2020 was a crucible that brought out the best in Marsh McLennan. It was a year of workarounds—that sparked innovation. It was a year of urgency and disruption – that made us faster and more flexible. It was a year of physical distance—that created profound connection. We found new ways to engage our clients, helping them with their challenges as we faced our own. We pushed ourselves to innovate for the greater good, developing new products and services to address the coronavirus pandemic. And we committed to an enterprise-wide focus on four critical areas that have a dramatic impact on our clients’ businesses and the world, where we’re uniquely positioned to bring the full power of our collective capability as a company to bear: helping to close the world’s protection gaps; advancing healthy societies everywhere; building climate resilience; and mitigating cyber risk. As we found smarter ways, every day, to accelerate impact for our clients, we did the same for our communities. From fundraising for medical workers, to mask-making, to one colleague who volunteered at night as an ambulance responder, we stood up for our communities when they needed it most. And we didn’t forget each other. Across our company, groups of supportive colleagues coalesced to help one another balance heightened professional and personal demands, organizing everything from online yoga classes to children’s reading programs. I’m not only proud of our people, I’m inspired by them. 

The events of the past year reaffirmed that the purpose that unites our 76,000 colleagues around the world has never been more important or more relevant: We make a difference in the moments that matter. For 150 years, we’ve done just that, helping our clients, our colleagues and the communities where we live and work prosper amid times of great change and challenge—times like these. As 2020 powerfully demonstrated, the age of risk has just begun. We will carry forward the best of what the year taught us—about the importance of resilience, flexibility, empathy – and build on it with a relentless spirit of innovation. It’s an honor to lead such a formidable, resilient company, made up of talented and dedicated people. I am excited to bring you up to date. 

INVESTING IN WHAT MATTERS MOST

Marsh McLennan’s 2020 results reflect outstanding performance in a year for which there was no playbook. Our adjusted earnings per share growth of 7% is impressive in one of the worst economic recessions ever. We delivered overall revenue growth of 3%, or 1% on an underlying basis, driven by growth of 3% at Marsh and 6% at Guy Carpenter. Revenue from our consulting businesses, Mercer and Oliver Wyman, held up well in the circumstances, reflecting their strength and resilience. And we generated margin expansion for the 13th year in a row. This performance is wholly due to the grit, flexibility, and perseverance of our 76,000 colleagues. In March, we promised that all jobs and salaries would be secure through the thick of the pandemic. This was the year’s biggest decision, and the easiest one. It was clear that our clients were going to need us as never before. We stood by our people and they stood by our clients—and each other. Our longstanding financial philosophy remains unchanged: we balance our short-term needs with investing for long-term success. A strong balance sheet and a diversified new-business pipeline provide resilience in a year like 2020 and protect our capacity for investment. Quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year performance is the foundation of our company’s long-term growth. It enables strategic hiring, strategic investment in transformative technologies and timely acquisitions in promising fields and market segments. In 2020, we pressed ahead with key acquisitions, notably Marsh McLennan Agency’s (MMA) acquisition of Assurance Holdings, just as the pandemic struck the US. It turned out to be a record year for MMA in terms of acquired revenue, as we ultimately completed eight transactions representing approximately $235 million of annualized revenue. MMA now serves more than 200,000 clients in the US. We continued to invest in our digital and technological capabilities, including ongoing investments in the InsurTech space and more robust client solutions such as LINQ, a digital experience that gives Marsh clients 24/7 access to insurance policies, programs and exposure information. We moved aggressively on costs and enhanced liquidity by establishing a new credit facility and issuing additional long-term debt. By year-end we had actually reduced debt by approximately $650 million, in keeping with our commitment to deleverage following our 2019 acquisition of Jardine Lloyd Thompson. We also raised our dividend for the 11th consecutive year. With the heavy lifting from our combination with JLT largely behind us, and having delivered on every promise we made when we announced the acquisition, Marsh McLennan emerged from 2020 stronger than we were when we went in—stronger financially, stronger operationally – and with a more unified culture. We’re executing well, bolstered by our pressure-tested ability to work in new and different ways to provide better outcomes for our clients and our colleagues.

MORE THAN THE SUM OF OUR PARTS 

Clients turn to Marsh McLennan for our expertise and our unique scope across risk, strategy and people—the three things all organizations have to get right. Every day, thousands of our colleagues around the world provide specialized guidance and solutions across every aspect of these critical areas, in virtually every industry segment. Our deep expertise and capabilities help clients solve specific challenges and seize one of a kind opportunities. At the same time, the challenges faced by our clients today are increasingly complex and interdependent. To navigate this shifting landscape of interconnected needs, our clients require more comprehensive solutions—from across our businesses. The pandemic acted as a natural accelerant for cross-business innovation and collaboration. Within months of COVID’s onset, Mercer Marsh Benefits introduced a supplemental insurance product for individuals in Italy affected by the virus; similar products are now available in 25 markets around the world. Marsh advocated early and often on behalf of clients, urging leaders in the US, in Europe and around the world to consider a public-private partnership (PPP) for pandemic risk insurance; now Marsh, Guy Carpenter and Oliver Wyman are leading the way to build resilience to the financial dislocations of COVID-19 and future pandemics through PPPs in more than 40 countries. Meanwhile, Marsh, Mercer and Oliver Wyman are advising clients on return to office and “new normal” strategies, underpinned by Oliver Wyman’s Pandemic Navigator, a leading disease-progression model whose forecasts have been used by business leaders and policymakers to guide key decisions and applied by frontline data sources such as the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. All of our businesses are collaborating on holistic cyber advisory and insurance solutions for a suddenly virtual world. As we continue to enhance the guidance and solutions we offer to our clients, we’re organizing ourselves internally to align functions such as HR and technology to partner more closely with our businesses to deliver on their priorities. Wherever it makes sense, functional activities that are further away from the client are being shared to improve efficiency and effectiveness, creating a more unified and dynamic global enterprise—and bolstering our ability to invest in innovation and growth.

IT STARTS WITH US

Our ability to shape our company to meet new challenges, seek new opportunities and create new possibilities comes down to our colleagues and our culture. Because we’re a people business, our colleagues are our company. From the outset of the pandemic, we put our people and their families first, prioritizing physical safety and mental health, jobs and financial security, flexibility to care for loved ones and creating a sense of connection. In everything we do, we strive to see and serve the greater good. Each day, we ask ourselves: What can we do today for a colleague? For a client? For a community? When communities around the world joined in solidarity last year to confront racial and social injustice, we focused on the gaps in hiring diversity and real inclusion at our own company – and introduced our “Leading the Change” program to address them with urgency.

A new council now advises on our race agenda. Hiring commitments will make our company look more like the communities and clients we serve. For the first time as an enterprise, we’ve conducted an Internal Labor Market (ILM) analysis to better understand the dynamics of how and why our colleagues advance, perform, stay and leave—and we are holding ourselves accountable to improve our I&D metrics and reporting. We’ve launched new initiatives to support career development, connection and empowerment for our Black colleagues, and we now will require all leaders and managers to undergo training on unconscious bias, allyship and inclusive leadership. Finally, we’ve committed $5 million over the next three years to organizations that advocate for equity for the Black community—including doubling our company match of colleague donations to organizations that advocate for social justice. These are our first steps, but not our last.

Although our work to progress inclusion and equity for all under-represented colleagues, everywhere, is ongoing, it was gratifying to be recognized again by both the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index and Human Rights Campaign for our efforts over the past year. The most meaningful recognition, however, came from within our organization: even in the midst of the most unrelenting year in recent memory, we saw record colleague-engagement scores across our enterprise. As we work to advance good on behalf of our colleagues and our company, we remain focused on the larger world around us. In 2020, we strengthened our commitment to a better, sustainable future for all by implementing enterprise-wide Client Engagement Principles that support sustainable development goals in vital areas such as affordable healthcare, gender equality and climate-change mitigation. Guided by our Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) committee, we also announced our support for the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), a set of voluntary guidelines designed to help companies identify and disclose the potential financial impacts of climate-related opportunities and risks.* None of us hopes to repeat 2020, but we’re eager to carry forward the momentum and positive change we’ve created. As a people business, our approach to the future of work at Marsh McLennan recognizes that our offices will continue to be core to our culture, but with more agility and flexibility. We will also continue to reinvent how we serve our clients and communities, to find smarter ways of working, to foster more effective collaboration, to be open to new possibilities and points of view—those are the hallmarks of a healthy and vibrant organization. The kind of organization where we can all do our best work and make the greatest difference.

LOOKING FORWARD

These are exciting times for Marsh McLennan. Decision-makers and markets don’t like uncertainty, but it’s the starting place for most of our work. We are—as individuals and as a company—at home in the moments when there are more questions than answers. The challenges that came to the fore in the past year will be prolonged and solutions won’t be simple. As highlighted in the 2021 Global Risks Report prepared by the World Economic Forum with the support of Marsh McLennan and other partners, disparities brought to light by the pandemic and the acceleration of risks such as cyber and climate must be carefully and creatively managed to produce a more sustainable and resilient future. “Whole enterprise” approaches that leverage our expertise in new ways across risk, strategy and people are already creating new possibilities for our clients and new opportunities for our company. We also see a more digital future for our businesses and industries—and we’re strongly positioned to play a meaningful role in shaping it. If it helps a client, we will do it. If it changes what’s possible in an industry, we will be out front. We have the capacity to enable new futures—for our clients, our colleagues and our communities—because of our proven ability to deliver excellent performance quarter after quarter, year in and year out. Along with teaching us lessons in resilience, 2020 helped bring about faster, flatter, more creative Marsh McLennan; we’ve never been better positioned to make a difference. None of this just happens by itself. We have been able to act with urgency and boldness because we have a Board of Directors whose wisdom guides our steps. I would like to thank Ed Hanway, our Independent Chairman, and all the Directors for their steadfastness in a year like no other. Thank you to our clients for your trust when so much was at stake, and to our 76,000 colleagues. In both cases, our work together was virtual, but our partnership was closer than ever. Finally, I thank our investors. At Marsh McLennan, we talk a lot about change and new possibilities—and it is your farsightedness that enables them all. Great challenges are ahead, to be sure, but we will embrace them—as we’ve done since 1871—because we know how to help shape outcomes that make organizations more successful and societies more resilient. Our work continues.

Best regards,

Dan Glaser

Chief Executive Officer
