Dear Fellow Policyowners and Customers,

I have often started these letters by talking about MassMutual’s founders—a group who came together in 1851 to help friends and families secure their future and protect the ones they love. It’s a story that’s always meant a lot to me, not only because it still reflects MassMutual’s purpose nearly 170 years later, but also because it defines the world I believe we all want to live in —a world where we all do our best to help each other succeed. As we look back on a tumultuous year, it’s clear that our commitment to this notion—which we call Live Mutual—is more important than ever. 2020 was a year when a global pandemic claimed millions of lives, shuttered businesses, and threatened families’ finances. It also shed new light on long-standing racial prejudice and exposed vast inequalities and shortcomings in our world. Yet it also offered flashes of hope, reminding us that society works best when it works for everyone. Neighbors delivered groceries and supplies to the most vulnerable in their communities. Frontline responders risked their lives to save others. People around the country joined the fight for racial justice, demanding change with an urgency not seen since the civil rights movement. And we all found new ways to gather, work together, and be there for each other. At MassMutual, this same sense of Live Mutual guides all our actions. As a business that operates for the benefit of our participating policyowners and members, we were there for those who relied on us at this difficult moment, without ever taking our eyes off the future. In looking back on the past year, I couldn’t be prouder of everything our team has done to help our customers, advance our strategy, and strengthen our communities.

Strong Performance in a Pandemic

COVID-19 presented extraordinary and unprecedented challenges throughout 2020, ending the U.S. economy’s longest expansion in history. Unemployment rose dramatically, with millions of families falling on hard times. And as historically low interest rates plunged even further, pressure intensified on both individual savers and institutions. Yet we also saw meaningful signs of confidence and resiliency as the year progressed. While volatility and uncertainty persisted, the markets rebounded, even notching new records. And December saw the much-anticipated and emotional arrival of the first vaccines, which will save countless lives and be critical to catalyzing a full recovery.

Even in the face of such disruption, MassMutual delivered a year of strong results. Sales from our domestic insurance and retirement operations grew 8 percent to $31 billion, which along with other factors, helped drive operating earnings to $2.6 billion. Our sales momentum also enabled us to grow the insurance protection in force we provide to $830 billion, while we also delivered more than $6.2 billion in insurance and annuity benefits at the time when our customers needed us most.

And during a period of great uncertainty, our excellent financial strength and flexibility remained intact, as total adjusted capital grew to a year-end record of $28.6billion while we maintained ratings that are among the highest of any company in any industry.¹ This enabled us to approve an estimated $1.7 billion dividend payout for 2021 to our eligible participating policyowners—the 153rd consecutive year we have paid a dividend.² These numbers reflect more than a strong year in hard times. They reflect years of strategic decisions to make our foundation stronger, our solutions more accessible, and our customer experience more seamless. It’s how we met this challenging moment—while also setting the stage for an even brighter future.

Delivering Today, Evolving for the Future

First, we were ready for this crisis because we’ve invested in one of our most important drivers of success: our nationwide network of financial professionals. While other companies have moved away from their agency models, we have strengthened and expanded ours. That means our agents were there to provide important guidance and reassurance to our customers in 2020, just as they have during numerous crises throughout our history. At the same time, 2020 ushered in a new era of rapid digital advancements in our world. We accelerated our own efforts in this area at MassMutual, making significant progress on our journey to build a simpler, seamless experience. We enhanced our digital end-to-end platform that issues life insurance coverage in a fraction of the time, ensuring families could easily apply for and obtain coverage even at the pandemic’s height. We expanded our mobile capabilities that allow people to better manage their accounts as well as help our agents connect with more people. And we made progress toward a digital solution that consolidates all financial and account information into one place, which will provide a new level of personalization in our industry. While the immediate needs of 2020 often took priority, they did not distract us from taking bold steps for the future. We continued to evolve our portfolio of businesses, actively seeking opportunities to position us strongly for the long term and help with our goal to continue paying a competitive dividend. We sold our retirement plan business to Empower Retirement, giving us the focus and financial flexibility to grow and strengthen our leadership position in the domestic insurance market as well as significantly invest in our digital experience. We increased our ownership stake in Rothesay, the largest specialist annuity provider in the U.K., which is expected to generate additional earnings to fuel increased growth.

And our evolution will continue into 2021, as we expect to close on our acquisition of Great American Life Insurance Company from its parent company, American Financial Group, Inc., in the second quarter of this year, pending customary regulatory approvals. This transaction will broaden our lifetime income offerings and allow us to reach more people while also providing another diversified source of earnings to deliver long-term value to our policyowners. As all these efforts demonstrate, complacency isn’t an option. In a world that changes quickly, we’re committed to constantly changing with it—strengthening what has made us successful while investing for the future. It’s how we continue to have an immediate impact for our customers today while seeking to maintain the long-term performance they’ll count on tomorrow.

“In a world that changes quickly, we’re committed to constantly changing with it. ... It’s how we continue to have an immediate impact for our customers today while seeking to maintain the long-term performance they’ll count on tomorrow.”

Strengthening Our Society

Of course, we can only achieve that long-term success if those around us continue to thrive. We do better when our customers are supported, our employees bring their full selves to work, and our communities are healthy, flourishing, and inclusive.

“Last year tested us in ways we never imagined, as multiple crises reminded us that we each have a role in building a better, more just future for everyone. That is, in its essence, what it means to Live Mutual.”

Throughout the pandemic, we’ve offered both compassion and practical solutions to our customers to help them manage through the financial challenges caused by COVID-19—from giving them more time to pay premiums, to helping them access hardship funds from their retirement plans quickly and easily. We also supported our employees by offering 80 extra hours of time off for COVID-19– related needs, as well as online meditation, exercise, and counseling programs. With these new resources and greater flexibility, we helped them focus on their mental and physical well-being and balance their work and home lives, providing a sense of care and empathy at a time when it was sorely needed. In addition, we helped our communities cope with the virus, contributing to relief funds and donating personal protective equipment to organizations in need. And to give back in our own unique way to those sacrificing so much, we created HealthBridge, a free life insurance program that aims to provide up to a total of $3 billion in protection to eligible healthcare workers on the front lines of COVID-19. ³ Thanks to years of digital investment, we were able to roll this program out in just three weeks, moving with the kind of urgency this moment demanded. And finally, to support the growing movement to end systemic racism, we built on our long-standing commitment to create a more equitable world. We’ve made diversity and inclusion a priority at MassMutual for over a decade, providing unconscious bias training, dramatically growing our Business Resource Groups, and setting annual goals to expand workforce diversity. Given this ongoing journey, we were proud that our people welcomed open and candid conversations about race in 2020, as well as embraced broader efforts to end ongoing prejudice. Thousands of employees joined learning sessions on how to become better allies, while MassMutual took a leadership role in such efforts as the CEO Action for Racial Equity, a fellowship program in which we are lending our talent and innovation to create real, lasting change. I don’t know what our founders would think if they saw our world today. But I do think they would be proud that the company they started was still able to be there for its people, customers, and communities so many years later. MassMutual’s commitment to them is at the heart of who we are—and that will not change, no matter what the future brings.

Live Mutual and Rebuild Together

Last year tested us in ways we never imagined, as multiple crises reminded us that we each have a role in building a better, more just future for everyone. That is, in its essence, what it means to Live Mutual. In 2021, we’re looking ahead to a year of renewal and rebuilding for the global community—and evolution and growth for MassMutual. We’ve never been more committed to our purpose or more confident in our ability to achieve it. Thank you for being part of the MassMutual community. We look forward to working with you this year and for many more to come.

Sincerely,



Roger W. Crandall

Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
