Our roadmap prepares us to serve our members for decades to come

As a company that has served members for 95 years, we’ve been with our members as they have experienced severe weather, market fluctuations, economic ups and downs, and more. 2021 undoubtedly brought unique challenges for us all; however, Nationwide emerged strong and stable by leaning into a focused strategy and doing what we’ve done since 1926: providing protection and reassurance to our customers and partners. Despite the uncertainties in 2021, we exceeded $50 billion in total sales and premium for the first time in our company’s history. This is evidence of a solid strategy at work. Combined with our associates working in new ways to reduce expenses, we’re achieving significant growth. And as a mutual company, such sustained strength means stability and confidence not only for us but for our members and partners as well. Taking a long-term view is essential. We’re in the business of making and keeping promises. We’re always adapting to ensure we fulfill our commitments to the millions of households, businesses, pets and retirement dreams we protect. Our history and long-held values serve as a strong foundation on which to take bold, future-focused actions. In 2021, some of those proactive measures included increasing investments in technology across our business to enhance interactions in a digital-first world; expanding our venture capital funding to $350M to invest in innovative startups aligned with our strategy; and increasing our focus on delivering a differentiated customer experience. We also continued our commitment to help associates add new skills, with Nationwiders completing more than 180,000 hours of development last year to be ready for the roles of the future. 

Our strong results have also allowed us to invest in a brighter future for those who need help in the communities where we live and work. Major investments of time, resources and funding are helping more of our neighbors across the country meet the basic needs of having access to food, shelter and health care. That includes more than $588 million to nonprofits from the Nationwide Foundation since 2000 to help meet critical needs in our communities. When we work together, we can create a brighter future for us all. There’s so much to be excited about at Nationwide, and we’re thrilled you’re on this journey with us. Our accomplishments are possible only through close alignment with our partners, and we’re proud to be reaching these new heights together. 

We look forward to what we’ll be able to achieve in 2022 and beyond.

Krit Walker

Chief Executive Officer
