A message from Ted Mathas:

This past year marked the company’s 175th anniversary.

Throughout our long history, generations of New York Life agents and employees have defined who we are as an organization by rising to the occasion, regardless of the challenges at hand, to fulfill our purpose of being here when we are needed. History repeated itself in 2020. We may not have been able to predict when a global pandemic would strike, but we have been stress testing our balance sheet against such a scenario for decades to ensure we would withstand it and continue to have the financial strength to meet our obligations. When it became clear that COVID-19 was a reality, we knew we were prepared. And knowing we would be able to pay every claim while remaining financially sound enabled us to dig deep into our value of humanity and focus on helping people in other ways during this national crisis. We extended grace periods for premium payments to help policy owners keep their valuable coverage in place even if they lost their job or their business closed during this uncertain time. We quickly moved our agents and employees out of harm’s way, providing them with the digital tools and training they needed to work from home and continue delivering service and support to millions of our clients. We also promised no layoffs during the year, and put other economic safety nets in place, so our people would not have to worry about their own financial stability. And to help the broader community, we leaned into what we do best as a life insurer through the establishment of the Brave of Heart Fund, which provides a measure of financial security and peace of mind to the families of frontline healthcare workers who lose their lives battling COVID-19. 

Sadly, the pandemic was not the only societal tragedy in 2020. We watched as the fabric of our communities was torn apart, revealing the open wounds of race relations across our country. We are a company where racism has no place, with an unwavering commitment to a culture of inclusion, equality, and opportunity for everyone. The events that took place this past year, however, serve as a reminder that we must continually raise the bar and strengthen our resolve, both personally and professionally, to work together and take action to reject discrimination in all of its forms. If there is one factor that explains New York Life’s longevity and our ability to not only weather times of crises but emerge from them stronger, it is that we have remained a mutual life insurer since we opened for business in 1845. Mutuality is about being in it together with the people counting on us. It is the strategy, structure, and philosophy that guides our decisions and actions, and keeps our true bottom line about purpose, service, and financial security for our clients and their families and businesses. This commitment to our purpose permeates every level of the company, beginning right at the top with our Board of Directors. Last April, our esteemed member Christina Gold retired after nearly two decades of service. A seasoned senior executive whose distinguished career included serving as President, CEO, and Director of the Western Union Company, her wise counsel will be missed. In January 2021, we welcomed Claire BabineauxFontenot, CEO of Feeding America, and Paula Steiner, former CEO of Health Care Service Corporation, to our Board. And in February, New York Life President Craig DeSanto was also elected to our Board. We sincerely appreciate the trust our clients place with us in helping to protect their financial future. Regardless of what’s going on in the world around us, we will continue to be there for them when they need us.

Ted Mathas

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
