Dear Colleagues, Customers, Partners and Stockholders:

2020 was a uniquely challenging and transformative year. The COVID-19 pandemic, which has already had far-reaching effects on almost every aspect of our lives and communities, will continue to impact millions across the globe for years to come. Underserved communities have been hit the hardest, and we all need to do our part to ensure an inclusive recovery. At PayPal, our mission to democratize financial services and advance the financial health of families, businesses and communities has never been more important. We are proud of the ways we have continued to live our values and make a meaningful difference for our customers and communities, while driving long-term, sustainable growth for our stockholders. Since the onset of the pandemic, our top priority has been the health and well-being of our employees. We worked quickly to transition nearly 100% of our global workforce to work remotely in a safe and effective manner. We introduced new benefits and resources, and we pledged to continue paying employees unable to work because of the impacts of COVID-19. For our consumers and merchants, we provided relief from the pressures of the pandemic, mobilized to become one of the first non-bank lenders approved to provide access to Paycheck Protection Program (“PPP”) loans to small businesses in need, and enabled consumers to receive stimulus payments through their Venmo and PayPal accounts. Last year also made clear that everyone has a responsibility to take action in support of racial equity and social justice. The pandemic has had a disproportionate effect on communities of color – as demonstrated by case numbers and mortality rates, as well as the devastating economic impact on Black-owned small businesses in particular. In alignment with our mission, vision and values, we made a $535 million commitment to do our part to address the economic underpinnings of these inequities and to help close the racial wealth gap. This will be a sustained area of focus for us. We will continue to fulfill our core value of inclusion by demonstrating our unwavering belief that Black lives matter, and by furthering our work to build more just communities and economies. The pandemic has accelerated the global movement toward digital payments. It has unleashed a digital wave of change across almost all industries, advancing digital transformation by at least three to five years. The shift away from cash, already well underway before the pandemic began, has become even more apparent. This transition opens new opportunities to upgrade the current financial system to one that is fundamentally more affordable, efficient and inclusive. This shift to the digital economy, combined with the quick and effective efforts of our teams to respond to the moment, and the strong foundation of customer and public trust in our platform and products, led to PayPal’s strongest year of performance. We delivered a record 73 million net new active accounts, reached 29 million merchant accounts on our platform and processed a record 15.4 billion payment transactions. We achieved new heights in product innovation, launching the Venmo credit card and driving wide adoption of our QR codes and Global Pay Later solutions, like Pay in 4. And we expanded our digital wallet capabilities by enabling U.S. customers to buy, sell and hold select cryptocurrencies through their PayPal account. The Future of Digital Payments We have made great strides since becoming a publicly-traded company, but the coming years hold even greater promise. We have solidified our role as an essential company in the financial lives of our customers and we will continue to build on that foundation. The opportunity ahead is enormous, and PayPal is well-positioned to play a leading role in driving the future of digital payments and commerce. We see five key trends emerging that will change how people and businesses connect, and we believe we are uniquely positioned to drive these trends going forward: Digital-First The new digital-first paradigm will change the way people live, work, play and pay. The lines between physical and digital are disappearing, and this will fundamentally change how business is conducted. Digital will be the primary method of customer engagement. Home Delivery/Store Pickup Retail strategy is shifting away from physical storefronts to optimizing for home delivery and store pick-up. Consumers are prioritizing safety and convenience. Digital Wallets Digital wallets will create a connected ecosystem and a simple way to enable, pay and track transactions across all touchpoints. As separate apps become one, platforms can more effectively personalize recommendations and safeguard data. E-commerce As consumers move away from in-store purchasing, commerce will be done in new spaces. There will be more ways to meet consumers where they are – including tailored offers, universal checkout, and increased importance of platforms like Honey that will enable merchants to tap into demand. Digital Currencies Finally, a new cashless financial system is emerging. Digital currencies will increasingly be developed by central banks and adopted by consumers. This technology can help address fundamental problems in the current system, but will also require deep public-private collaboration. We are building a digital wallet for consumers and commerce platform for merchants, designed to directly address and help shape these trends, while keeping our customers and their security at the forefront. Our digital wallet will integrate payments, financial services, shopping tools and digital IDs, and will work seamlessly both online and offline. And our PayPal Commerce Platform will enable merchants of all sizes to embrace a digital-first strategy. For our small business customers, who are so essential to our local communities, it is imperative that they not only survive the transition to the digital economy, but thrive in it. We cannot – and we will not – leave them behind. We aim to serve as a strategic partner to our merchants to help enable them to adapt to this new context, and to contribute to the development of a more inclusive economy for our customers and communities. Driving Responsible Innovation We are working to lead a responsible transition to the digital economy, but we also know that no single company, organization or institution can do it all alone. It will require cooperation and collective action among all stakeholders, above and beyond the current level of engagement. The world has changed and our challenges and opportunities have changed as well. We need a greater level of collaboration between the public and private sectors to serve our shared constituencies, achieve systemic impact and build new frameworks for the future. Corporations should increasingly consider and commit to a multi-stakeholder approach, focusing on delivering shared value across all key stakeholders, including employees, stockholders, customers, local communities and those in the public sector. We take a transparent and collaborative approach to our regulatory relationships and share a commitment to protecting our customers, their data and our platform. We will continue to focus on building and sustaining trusted relationships at all levels to scale our innovation in a responsible manner. We always strive to meet or exceed the letter and spirit of the laws of the countries in which we do business through continuous focus and significant investment in our compliance programs, platforms and practices. We have invested in building a world-class compliance and risk management team and compliance structure that enables us to work closely with regulators and governments. Since we became an independent public company, this function has grown to almost 4,000 people, enabling us to take a leading role in creating meaningful partnerships between the private, public and nonprofit sectors. We have developed expertise in detecting bad actors on our platform and have become a notable leader in the fight against financial crime. This investment is a key differentiator for PayPal and will help ensure we identify and advance areas of mutual interest for our shared constituencies. Fulfilling Our Mission, Vision and Values For many years, conventional wisdom posed a false choice: that a business could either be profitable or do good in the world. Today, it is clear that purpose is not just a “nice to have,” but is essential to long-term, sustainable business performance. For PayPal, purpose is integral to our strategy and our competitive advantage. The expectation that businesses drive positive social and environmental change is greater than ever, and this past year has demonstrated the critical role the private sector has to play in building and leading an inclusive recovery. At PayPal, everything we do is driven by our mission, vision and values. In 2019, we launched our Employee Financial Wellness initiative to help strengthen the financial security of our employees. This initiative served to support our employees as they managed the unexpected challenges of the pandemic. Over the last year, we have significantly improved the PayPal-defined estimated net disposable income (or the discretionary income remaining for our employees after taxes and typical living expenses are paid) for hourly and entry-level employees, and we have made significant progress against our 20% goal. We are also leading a new coalition with JUST Capital to encourage other business leaders to make the financial wellness of their employees a strategic priority. We continue to build new partnerships to support underserved and underrepresented communities. Earlier this year, we made a $5 million commitment to join Uber in a coalition to provide free or discounted rides to vaccination sites in the U.S. In February, we joined the UN Generation Equality Forum as the private sector leader for the Economic Justice and Rights Coalition. Through this initiative, we will help catalyze the movement for the next stage of impact on gender equality. We will also continue to fulfill the commitments we made through our $535 million initiative to advance racial equity and social justice. As highlighted below, we have already made significant progress in allocating these funds and we will continue to seek out new opportunities for impact. Last month, we announced the establishment of the Maggie Lena Walker Award, which will recognize and promote the achievements of underrepresented women in business who have demonstrated a deep commitment to economically empowering those in their communities. It is critical that the private sector continue to apply a long-term focus on this important area, and that we collectively build upon the efforts from the past year to truly address systemic racism and injustice. Our upcoming Global Impact Report will showcase these efforts and many more of our social innovation and ESG priorities, including our science-based target to reach net-zero emissions by 2040, in greater detail. Our Efforts to Support Black Businesses, Advance Economic Equality and Strengthen Our Communities As of February 2021, more than $300 million of the $535 million PayPal committed has already been deployed. These funds have provided immediate financial relief to small businesses and will also sustain the long-term growth and expansion of economic opportunity for Black and underrepresented businesses and communities. z After receiving nearly 55,000 applicants within 72 hours of our Empowerment Grant program launch, we have distributed $15 million in grants to nearly 1,400 Blackowned businesses in partnership with the Association for Enterprise Opportunity. The impact of these grants is best described by a selection of business owners themselves: Bridgett Jeffries, owner of dog daycare Café Wakefern, shared how her grant helped keep her business afloat in the midst of COVID-19 lockdowns. Cameron Kirkland, photographer and owner of Cam Kirk Studios in Atlanta, utilized his grant to reopen the studio, enabling local artists to have a space for their creative work. Jeanette Bolden-Pickens reopened her family-owned business, 27th Street Bakery in Los Angeles, and was able to replace a broken pie press with her grant. z In a time when many nonprofits are struggling to survive, we have distributed $5 million in grants to 20 leading nonprofit community partners across the U.S. that support and empower Black-owned businesses and help provide on-the-ground support. z To address the inequality in startup fundraising, we invested $63 million in nine early-stage Black and Latinx-led venture capital funds. We are also offering a three-month fellowship to a Black or Latinx graduate student each semester, through which the PayPal Ventures team will provide training and mentoring. z We contributed $50 million to the Local Initiatives Support Corporation for the Black Economic Development Fund, which will be distributed as capital for financial assistance for those recovering from the pandemic. PayPal’s investment was the largest single investment in the fund yet. z We deposited $50 million in Optus Bank, which has worked to dismantle structural racism by providing equal access to financial services and asset building. z As we work to deploy the remaining funds, we have moved $150 million to an underrepresented minority share class of Northern Trust Institutional Government Fund as an interim step. z We directed $15 million to strengthen Diversity, Inclusion, Equity and Belonging at PayPal through expanded Employee Resource Group programming; deeper talent partnerships to support recruiting, hiring and career advancement of underrepresented employees; and new research to inform public policy related to racial equity issues. Looking Ahead PayPal’s impact will continue to grow as we work to build an inclusive recovery – partnering across our ecosystem and with our regulators, and ensuring that all people and businesses can participate and thrive in the digital economy. Our purpose as a company will always be an important part of how we serve all of our stakeholders. By continuing to deliver both profit and purpose to meet the evolving needs of our customers, I am confident we will build long-term value for our stockholders. We have never been more essential in the financial lives of our customers, and we have never had a greater opportunity to make a real difference. We live in a rapidly changing world and we cannot leave anyone behind. I hope you will join us in the effort to shape an inclusive and equitable economy. 

Thank you.

Dan Schulman 

President and CEO
