Dear Shareholder, 

2021 was a pivotal year for PNC. We made tremendous progress in growing our business by completing our acquisition of BBVA USA, converting 2.6 million customers, 9,000 employees and more than 600 branches.

Our employees took on massive work sets to combine our two organizations while also stepping up to take care of each other and our communities. At the same time, we continued to execute on our strategic priorities, growing our bank organically, leveraging our technology to innovate and strengthening our relationships with customers. We accomplished this growth amid significant change across the banking industry. In addition to entering new markets, we’re facing new competitors and adapting to a new approach to work. We are operating in a job market unlike any we have ever seen — turnover has been unusually high across industries, and the competition for talent has never been greater. While we pride ourselves on being an employer of choice, we recognize we must take additional steps to retain our own employees and to attract new talent to PNC. We continue to evaluate our compensation levels while also providing flexibility, and we remain committed to creating a more inclusive work environment where everyone feels valued and respected and has an opportunity to grow. A critical constant in this evolution is our foundational role as a National Main Street Bank, which will continue to be a key differentiator as we further establish ourselves in our new and expansion markets. We have a model built on people, integrity and trust, and we have an opportunity to expand it in a way we never have. INVESTING IN OUR COMPANY TO GROW SHARE For years, we have strategically invested in our businesses, people and technology to develop a differentiated product set and delivery model that we can successfully deploy in new markets.

Our acquisition of BBVA USA has accelerated this process and given us the scale we need to compete on a national level. It also offers incredible revenue synergy opportunities as we introduce our differentiated product set to more customers. Our journey to build on PNC’s growth has been remarkable. The pandemic and other challenges notwithstanding, we had the talent, technology and strategy to announce, close and convert BBVA USA inside of 11 months, combining our organizations in a way that will provide growth opportunities for years to come. I attribute much of our success to our sustained investments in technology, which give us a very powerful engine to be both creative and value-adding going forward. In addition to our acquisition of BBVA USA, we continued our organic national expansion into Orange County, Los Angeles, Reno and Las Vegas. With this expansion and our acquisition of BBVA USA, we are now in all of the country’s 30 largest markets and have an incredible opportunity to win share by executing on our National Main Street Bank model. Payments As we grow our presence and share, we are also growing our investments and capabilities in the payments space, a $500 billion industry that is becoming increasingly disintermediated by non-bank players. These players, which aren’t required to follow the same rules as banks, are stepping between banks and our customers and delivering the ease and immediacy that consumers increasingly expect. As a company and an industry, we need to act with more urgency, more focus and more investment in the payments space. We need to elevate our level of organic investment, pursue smaller bolt-on acquisitions that can be scaled across our platform, push for a more even regulatory playing field, and educate consumers and businesses about the risks of banking in an unregulated environment. PNC is working with the broader industry to create a safer banking environment for consumers and businesses. One way we are doing this is through our integration with the Akoya Data Access Network, which will allow millions of PNC customers to safely share their financial data with fintechs and data aggregators. This is an important step in helping our customers protect their data while giving them the choice to share their data with third-party applications.

We are a different kind of leader in a rapidly changing financial industry, marked by fintech disruption. We are focused on providing the control and functionality that customers want — in a secure environment. Technology Similar to the success of our BBVA USA acquisition, our progress in the payments space can be largely attributed to technology. Through our sustained technology investments, we have been able to enhance and simplify our customers’ experiences, responding to what they want and delivering new products, such as Zelle® and Low Cash Mode®, that anticipate their needs. In addition to delivering these products and other enhancements across all businesses and channels, we continue to invest in security to help ensure that our platforms are safe and our products provide customers with confidentiality, choice and control. Our focus on technology and innovation extends to our businesses, where we are growing share by evolving the way we deliver our services, addressing customer pain points, and clarifying and removing complexity. Our technology is embedded in our businesses so that we can deliver the best solutions to our customers. This approach and our continued investments in technology allow us to create products and services that provide simplicity and ease and are accessible to all. Corporate & Institutional Banking On the Corporate & Institutional side, our focus on technology can be seen through PNC Global Transfers, a cross-border payments business that we acquired through BBVA USA and that allows clients to easily send money from the United States to Mexico and other countries primarily in Central and South America. We have integrated PNC Global Transfers’ technology into our core digital banking capabilities and are planning to expand our payment corridors to enable real-time account-to-account transfers. We also acquired Tempus Technologies, a fintech company that we are leveraging to deliver secure and innovative payments solutions, allowing clients to pay and collect from their customers across a variety of platforms. As a result of these and other investments over the last 10 years, we are uniquely positioned to compete in this continually evolving industry. While we continue to enhance our payments capabilities, our focus in 2022 is to grow share by executing on our value-added, relationship-based strategy. Asset Management Group We are also strengthening our offerings across the wealth spectrum, enhancing our products and services to meet our clients’ needs. In 2021, we brought all of our wealth management services under PNC Private BankSM, providing a more seamless client experience. Moving forward, we are facilitating online and mobile wire transfers, combining banking and investments, and integrating digital asset custody into our Private Bank platform to allow our high-net-worth clients to access crypto through PNC. We are making these investments with our clients in mind as we work to become the leading relationship-based provider of wealth management services. Retail 2021 also marked the launch of Low Cash Mode. I believe it is the most important product we’ve ever developed, partly because it has sparked industry-wide actions to help address overdraft fees. Built on patent-pending technology, Low Cash Mode helps our Virtual Wallet® customers avoid overdraft fees through unprecedented account transparency and control. With this tool, we are giving our customers the power to prioritize by determining whether certain payments are processed that might otherwise result in overdrafts. The features of Low Cash Mode have reduced customer overdraft fees and related complaints by nearly half. In addition to giving customers the ability to manage overdrafts through Low Cash Mode, we offer two Bank On–certified products, PNC Foundation Checking and the PNC SmartAccess® Prepaid Visa® Card, that allow customers to avoid overdrafts altogether. These products reflect our commitment to help keep customers in the mainstream banking system by reducing the likelihood of an overdraft-related account closure. Low Cash Mode addresses a customer pain point and is one of the many ways we are driving value out of the BBVA USA integration. Upon conversion, 1.5 million BBVA USA consumer checking customers gained access to Low Cash Mode through their Virtual Wallet accounts, allowing for even greater engagement and usage in 2022. Beyond Low Cash Mode, we continue to execute using our proven go-to-market approach. This approach includes evaluating our branch presence in existing markets while continuing to build Solution Centers in markets where we don’t have a presence. While digital banking continues to grow, maintaining a physical presence through our Solution Centers, which have a net promoter score of 83 and where we grow checking accounts at two to three times the rate of our traditional branches, is important. We ended 2021 with 33 Solution Centers, and we plan to continue increasing our presence through Solution Centers over the next five years. In addition to executing on our National Main Street Bank model in our new and expansion markets, we are leveraging the strengths of BBVA USA to better serve our consumer and small business customers. As a combined organization, we are now one of the largest Small Business Administration lenders in the country. LIVING OUR VALUES TO GROW TRUST Talent Everything we’ve achieved as an organization is because of our employees. Whether we were navigating the pandemic, selling our stake in BlackRock or acquiring BBVA USA, our employees have shown up and given us their time and talent so that we can serve our customers and communities. Importantly, we continue to respond to new challenges and opportunities by providing our employees with the benefits and resources they need to thrive both personally and professionally. To that end, we introduced Paid Family Leave, which provides eligible employees with up to two weeks of paid time off per year to care for an immediate family member with a serious health condition. We also introduced vacation carryover and additional occasional absence days, making it easier for employees to manage illness or personal commitments. In addition, we announced a new policy last year that provides all employees with four hours of paid time off for cultural observances. This policy is part of our efforts to recognize the diversity of our employees and give them time to celebrate or acknowledge holidays and observances that are meaningful to them. In addition to these enhancements, we increased our minimum pay rate to $18 per hour, which represents a 20% increase from our previous minimum pay rate and impacts PNC employees in both legacy and new markets. At the same time, we continue to focus on pay equity, which we have long recognized is critical to creating an inclusive culture and attracting and retaining diverse talent. We conduct a pay equity analysis twice each year, accounting for factors such as time in job, performance and geography. On average among our employees, women are paid 99% of what men are paid, and minorities are paid 100% of what non-minorities are paid within similar roles. Moving forward, and as part of our efforts to attract and retain talent, we will be investing significant resources in the upskilling and reskilling of our employees. This will be critical to our ability to further support our talent-focused culture and differentiate ourselves in the labor market. We will work to eliminate barriers, providing debt-free opportunities for employees to obtain college degrees or certificates, and match skills to priority areas like technology, digital data and finance. This will help employees realize their potential while allowing PNC to better meet the needs of our businesses and customers. We also will promote skill-driven career pathing, positioning PNC to better and more quickly connect employees with opportunities, based on their strengths, interests and goals, to work on the projects and stretch assignments that matter to our business. Last but not least, we will continue to support our employees amid the pandemic, providing mental health, backup child care and other valuable resources. For our employees working onsite, we have maintained numerous health and safety protocols, including temperature checks, social distancing and the completion of an online daily health check. We are working closely with our chief medical advisor who provides critical guidance on health and safety protocols. While we are still under a voluntary return to the workplace, we will eventually shift to a flexible model for many employees. If we don’t do right by our employees who work incredibly hard to do right by us, nothing else matters.

Diversity & Inclusion Part of doing right is creating a diverse and inclusive culture where all employees and customers feel welcomed, respected and valued and have an opportunity to grow. Embracing and promoting diversity and inclusion makes us a better company, a better employer, a better neighbor and a better investment. Over the past several years, we have established numerous leader forums and development programs to support our recruitment, retention and promotion of diverse talent. We continue to invest in our Employee Business Resource Groups, which support employees who have a shared heritage, gender, background or interest, and engage our employees in conversations about how we can be a more inclusive company. These and other resources have become even more important with our acquisition of BBVA USA, through which we increased the representation of PNC employees of color by 5%. As part of our commitment to increasing transparency, we publish our workforce diversity and pay equity information in PNC’s annual Corporate Responsibility Report. Also, in November 2021, for the first time, we published our unabridged Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO-1) report, which provides detailed information on our workforce demographics. Just as we embrace diversity and inclusion among our employees, we have been working to enhance the gender and ethnic diversity of our board of directors. Pending the election of board directors this April, PNC will have 12 independent directors — 33% of whom are women and 25% of whom are racially diverse. Community Our ability to recruit and retain top talent, not to mention have a growing client base, requires us to be active and positive participants in the communities where we live and work. This sense of community is inherent in our National Main Street Bank model, which is a differentiator for our clients and other stakeholders and allows us to build lasting, local relationships. PNC is uniquely rooted in the communities we serve. We live and work in the communities where we operate. This model allows us to better serve our customers and communities and, ultimately, to better compete. In an effort to further strengthen our communities, including those in our new and expansion markets, PNC announced a Community Benefits Plan in April 2021 that will provide at least $88 billion in loans, investments and other financial support to benefit lowand moderate-income people and neighborhoods, as well as people and communities of color. Our commitment spans a four-year period that began Jan. 1, 2022, and runs through Dec. 31, 2025. The plan builds on, incorporates and expands the pledges and plans previously announced by PNC and BBVA USA to help meet community needs, advance economic empowerment and challenge systemic racism. It was developed in consultation with BBVA USA and was informed by numerous community listening sessions that PNC held with community organizations, including the National Community Reinvestment Coalition. With an emphasis on economic empowerment, PNC’s Community Benefits Plan will expand support for homeownership, neighborhood revitalization and affordable housing, and create better conduits for minority entrepreneurs to more easily gain access to credit. Equally important is our commitment to environmental, social and governance issues. In 2021, PNC issued its first social bond, which is complementary to our Community Benefits Plan. The proceeds of the bond will be used to finance or refinance eligible projects that promote positive social outcomes and benefit low- to moderate-income individuals and communities, majority–minority census tracts, and/or vulnerable or underserved populations. Last year, PNC also committed to mobilize $20 billion over five years in support of environmental finance. This commitment is an extension of PNC’s long-standing support for accelerating the transition to a low-carbon economy. We also published our first Taskforce for Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) report. Our TCFD report looks at PNC’s climate risk management strategy across four categories — governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets — to give investors actionable information on how PNC manages climate risk and opportunity as the world transitions to a low-carbon economy. Finally, PNC continues to invest in early childhood education, specifically through PNC Grow Up Great®, which helps prepare children from birth to age 5 for success in school and life. In 2021, the PNC Foundation partnered with the Sesame Workshop to help address racial justice through a $6.2 million four-year initiative that provides children with the foundation for kindness, fairness and respect. Since the inception of PNC Grow Up Great in 2004, the program has supported more than 8 million children and their families. In addition, PNC employees have logged more than 1 million volunteer hours in support of early childhood education.

EXECUTING TO GROW SHAREHOLDER VALUE Our work in 2021 to support our customers, employees and communities positioned us to deliver strong shareholder value. Overall, we had a successful year in terms of our financial performance, and our results for the full year, which included seven months of BBVA USA operations, were strong. Net income was $5.7 billion, $12.70 per diluted common share, or $14.18 as adjusted to exclude the impact of BBVA USA integration costs. Overall, loan and deposit levels increased and we generated record revenue. Our return on average assets was 1.09%, down from 1.68% in 2020, and our return on average common equity was 10.78%, down from 15.21% in 2020. The decrease in both comparisons was driven by the impacts from our May 2020 sale of BlackRock and one-time costs associated with the BBVA USA acquisition. Total revenue of $19.2 billion reached record levels, reflecting the benefit of BBVA USA operations and strong organic noninterest income growth. Noninterest income was supported by broad-based fee-income contributions from across our commercial and consumer businesses while growth in net interest income primarily reflected the addition of BBVA USA. Our net interest margin decreased 24 basis points from 2020, reflecting the continued low interest rate environment and higher Federal Reserve cash balances. On the expense side, we saw growth driven by BBVA USA operating and integration expenses, as well as increased business activity and changes in employee compensation, including our minimum wage increase, resulting in an efficiency ratio of 68%. Excluding the impact of one-time integration costs, our efficiency ratio was 64%, increasing from 61% in 2020. We also successfully achieved our 2021 goal of $300 million in cost savings through our Continuous Improvement Program and have set the same goal for 2022. Importantly, we have largely completed the actions related to the BBVA USA acquisition that will drive $900 million of anticipated savings in annual operating costs, and we expect the savings to be fully realized in 2022. During the year, our balance sheet grew substantially, and we continued to maintain strong liquidity and capital levels as well as adequate credit reserves. In 2021, loans grew 19%, investment securities increased 50%, and deposits grew 25% from 2020. Loan and deposit growth was primarily reflective of the acquisition of BBVA USA, while investment securities also benefited from the opportunistic deployment of excess cash into higher-yielding securities. Provision recapture was $779 million as of Dec. 31, 2021, which reflected continued improvements in credit quality and the economic environment, partially offset by the initial provision for credit losses related to the BBVA USA acquisition. Overall, our credit quality remains strong, and our allowance for credit losses to total loans was 1.92%, decreasing from 2.46% in 2020. At year-end, our tangible book value per common share and common equity tier 1 ratio were $94.11 and 10.3%, respectively. Notably, these are both substantially above the pro-forma levels we anticipated when we announced the BBVA USA acquisition. Our strong performance positioned us to return significant capital to our shareholders while continuing to generate strong annualized total shareholder returns. During the year, we returned $3 billion to shareholders, representing $2 billion in common stock dividends and $1 billion in share repurchases. Our five-year annualized total shareholder return was 14.7% compared to an 11% average for our peer group, and, importantly, we are ranked among the top third of our peers for both our three- and five-year shareholder returns. Moving forward, we believe we are very well positioned to continue to grow shareholder value as the economy normalizes, interest rates move higher and we realize the potential of the combined PNC and BBVA USA franchise. Given the many opportunities in front of us, we expect to recognize outsized growth compared to the industry and deliver continued strong shareholder returns.

Thank You I want to thank Chuck Bunch, who is retiring from our board and whose leadership over the past 15 years has been invaluable. I also want to thank David Cohen, who resigned from our board last year to serve as U.S. Ambassador to Canada. And I want to welcome our new directors, Bryan Salesky and Robert Niblock, whose combined technology and digital expertise will help us achieve our business priorities and, ultimately, better compete across and beyond the industry. I would be remiss if I did not thank our 60,000 employees, who are the galvanizing force behind our success every day. Their dedication and hard work allow us to make a difference for our customers and communities. Finally, I thank our shareholders for their trust. At the end of the day, our company is about people and relationships. It’s about those who trust us to protect and grow their wealth. It’s about those who work and raise families in the communities where we operate. It’s about our employees, who give us their time and talent so that we can deliver for everyone else, and it’s about our shareholders, who trust us and invest in us so that we can realize our potential and create growth for years to come.

WILLIAM S. DEMCHAK 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
