Dear Fellow Shareholders, 

Marked by historic upheaval and tragedy, devastating loss and suffering, economic volatility and turmoil, 2020 presented untold challenges. Throughout the year, Prudential employees around the world rose to the challenges facing our customers, the company, our communities and themselves personally, again and again. One example from the early days of the pandemic stands out vividly in my mind. It was a Sunday morning in late March, and the American northeast was facing a grim reality: the local health system was on the brink of being overwhelmed by the first wave of COVID-19 cases. Hospitals were running out of personal protective equipment and, as supplies dwindled, some considered closing their doors to new patients.

That was when a colleague remembered our emergency supplies, including protective masks, stored in a subbasement of our headquarters in Newark, New Jersey, as part of Prudential’s emergency response plan. Following a flurry of phone calls over the next couple of hours, and thanks to the quick action of our security and facilities teams, by that evening a truck loaded with more than 150,000 face masks was on its way to local health care facilities. Given the magnitude of the need, it was a small contribution, but it was enough to provide immediate relief and keep local hospitals open.

In the midst of a once-in-a-century pandemic, actions like this reminded us of what’s possible when we come together with a sense of urgency, unwavering focus, and the can-do attitude that has been a hallmark of Prudential’s culture since our founding. This spirit was evident throughout 2020, as we worked to address the effects of the pandemic and racial injustice on our customers, businesses, employees and communities around the world. In this letter I discuss how we delivered on our purpose—to make lives better by solving the financial challenges of our changing world—with a focus on three areas: our business performance and transformation, our commitment to Prudential’s longterm resilience and sustainability, and our renewed efforts to combat racism and improve racial equity.

Performance and transformation 

During 2020 our business performance was affected by a significant decline in interest rates and by the pandemic, which both led to lower income and return on equity. We maintained our financial strength during the year thanks to our risk management framework, which includes planning for a variety of extreme events, including a global pandemic. We enacted our playbook quickly, which helped us to meet the needs of our customers and employees and ensure the health of our balance sheet. We demonstrated our operational resilience in the face of challenges presented by the pandemic. In mid-March, for example, we quickly adapted our infrastructure to enable more than 90% of Prudential’s employees to work remotely, to protect their health and safety and that of their families. Our technology team made it happen, and we have operated seamlessly ever since.

In 2019 we began a comprehensive strategic and transformative process with one overarching goal: to provide Prudential’s customers, employees and shareholders with a more rewarding experience. We further accelerated our transformation amid the pandemic. During 2020, we took decisive action to evolve our business toward one that is less capital intensive, less interest rate and equity market sensitive, and one that will deliver more predictable financial results with higher growth. This work included discontinuing sales of traditional variable annuities with living benefits and rotating away from secondary guarantee universal life products. In support of our strategy to rotate the mix of earnings in our international businesses to higher growth markets, we also sold the Prudential Life Insurance Company of Korea and announced the sale of the Prudential Life Insurance Company of Taiwan. We created a dedicated Transformation Office to drive the work of reinventing how we operate. We identified ways to move closer to our customers while becoming more efficient in how we work, realizing approximately $400 million of run-rate cost savings by the end of 2020. By 2023, we expect to reach $750 million in annual runrate savings. We remain focused on addressing the needs of our shareholders and investors. For example, we have continued to improve the transparency and clarity of our financial reporting and disclosures, making it easier to understand our performance, strategy and progress. We have also worked closely with rating agencies to ensure they understand the financial strength of our franchise and have maintained our ratings from all four agencies. Over the next three years, we expect to deliver on our cost savings program and to return $10 billion of capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We will also work toward reallocating $5 billion to $10 billion in capital toward our faster-growing businesses in asset management and emerging markets in opportunities that meet our strategic and financial requirements. To the extent we do not find appropriate opportunities, we will return additional capital to shareholders. 

Ensuring our strength and sustainability 

As Prudential enters its 146th year in business, we remain focused on the long-term future and sustainability of the company. At the heart of our forward planning is a determination to deliver on our promises to our stakeholders, including employees, customers, shareholders, and the communities in which we live and work. In 2019, we introduced a Commitment to Stakeholders to codify our approach. In keeping with our founding purpose, fulfilling this pledge means leading in the development of financial, social and community prosperity. During 2020, we identified new ways to achieve progress on all three fronts. Taking care of our employees has been and will remain one of our top priorities. Prudential’s employees have shown tremendous resilience and focus during this trying time. Recognizing that our employees’ well-being is critical to our ability to serve our customers, we were one of the first companies to transition to remote work. We also launched new resources and programs, and updated existing ones, to help employees care for themselves and their loved ones. Our employees have done an extraordinary job of addressing the evolving needs of both our institutional and retail customers, many of whom are grappling with the economic volatility and hardship produced by the pandemic. To support that work, we continued to invest heavily in technology to better serve our customers and respond to the rapidly changing environment. We also extended timeframes for premium payments, accelerated the process for policy withdrawals and waived transaction fees for participants making withdrawals from retirement accounts. By continuing to focus on doing right by our customers we maintained their confidence and loyalty, which also supported business growth. During 2020 we gained numerous new clients, as is evident in the net inflows in Prudential Retirement and PGIM, our global asset management business. 

We meaningfully improved Prudential’s environmental footprint during the year. For example, we issued the firm’s first green bond, furthering our commitment to investments that deliver a positive environmental impact. We also committed to offset all carbon emissions for employee travel in the U.S. and launched a renewable energy mandate to invest in companies that reduce global emissions. We shared our environmental impact through CDP, the world’s leading environmental disclosure platform, scoring an A- on its 2020 Climate Change Survey. More information about these initiatives and others designed to support Prudential’s Global Environmental Commitment will be outlined in detail in our 2021 Sustainability Report, which will be released in June. We also intensified our work to support the communities in which our employees live and work, especially communities of color, which have been disproportionately affected by the pandemic. For example, we waived rent for tenants in our buildings in our headquarters city of Newark, New Jersey, many of which are small businesses, and provided funding to supply Newark students and teachers with computers, internet access and IT support needed for effective remote learning. We worked closely with government leaders, lending our expertise in finance and community-based work, to develop pandemic recovery plans that are inclusive. We also supported community-based organizations, which serve as the front line during times of crisis by providing critical services to residents, and we provided access to capital for small businesses and entrepreneurs.

Driving progress toward a more equitable society 

Among its many effects, the pandemic exposed and exacerbated the economic and racial inequities present in our society. The horrific events of last summer painted a stark and shocking picture of how racism continues to pervade American society. That reality catalyzed people across the U.S. and around the world into action. While we are proud of Prudential’s long-standing commitment to racial equity and our support of social justice organizations, we are determined to drive progress further and faster. We believe it’s both a moral imperative and a vital part of making us a better employer, and a more successful company. To that end, after pausing to listen and learn, and with input from nearly 7,000 employees, we created specific commitments to accelerate our efforts to advance racial equity, which we launched in the second quarter of 2020. These commitments explain the measurable actions we will take to support our employees, use our voice to address societal issues, and ensure our businesses deliver inclusive products and services. Every member of our management team, starting with me, is being held accountable for the execution of these actions.

At the same time, we are continuing other efforts to fulfill our aspiration to be a fully inclusive company. We are particularly proud to have been among the first companies to launch an inclusion and diversity modifier as part of our long-term stock compensation plan, as an important accountability measure to ensure our commitment to inclusion becomes even more firmly embedded in our culture. We began this program in 2018, and it has already helped to improve the diversity of our senior team. As a result, we have continued and expanded the program to cover the next three years. 

Looking ahead with confidence 

Just as we have in previous times of crisis, Prudential withstood the many challenges that came our way in 2020. We did this while identifying and embracing new opportunities. We took new and meaningful steps to support our employees, customers and the communities in which we live and work around the world. Moreover, we reaffirmed and reinvigorated our long-standing commitment to drive social progress and help more people achieve financial security. As we look ahead, we’re excited to build upon the initiatives we have already taken to significantly transform the company into a higher growth, less market sensitive, more nimble business. In addition, we will strengthen our commitment to enhance our customers’ experience, to support communities around the world and to advance our work on racial equity. 

We look forward to continuing our progress and our ongoing dialogue with you, together with all of Prudential’s valued stakeholders. 

Thank you, as always, for your support and interest in Prudential.



Charles F. Lowrey

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
