Dear Stockholders: Realogy is in the midst of a pivotal transformation, and 2021 marked a milestone step forward in our journey. In 2021 we gained market share, delivered greater profitability, executed on our strategic priorities, significantly strengthened our balance sheet, and advanced our technology leadership - all of which contributed to the strongest financial results in the company’s history. In 2022, with the first chapter of our transformation complete, we will move forward to redefine the way people buy and sell homes and harness our powerful momentum to propel growth and innovation as we move Realogy, and the real estate industry, to what’s next. Record Operating Results Realogy achieved record performance in 2021. We delivered $902 million in Operating EBITDA, $553 million in free cash flow, impressive homesale transaction volume growth of nearly 30%, and more than 100 basis points of market share gains yearover-year. With these results, we believe the power of our business model is clear: our full-service franchise, brokerage, and title operations, our mortgage joint venture, and our technology leadership, position Realogy for success as we focus on driving profitable growth while leading the industry into the future. Improved Capital Structure We have made tremendous progress on our capital structure over the last several years. Realogy has reduced net debt by approximately $900 million since the end of 2019 and extended $1.9 billion of debt to 2029 and beyond. As a result of our strong performance and proactive moves to strengthen our balance sheet, we delivered an all-time low annual Net Debt Leverage Ratio of 2.4x at December 31, 2021. Having demonstrated considerable debt reduction progress, we are shifting our capital focus in 2022 to investing in and delivering even greater profitable growth. This could include opportunities to fuel the organic growth that has helped us gain share as well as new opportunities for selective M&A in our core business, adjacent businesses, and technology that will further accelerate Realogy’s transformation. People and Culture Realogy is operating with an increasingly agile and innovative culture. We continue to be recognized as a home for top talent, earning designation as one of Forbes’ 2021 World’s Best Employers and 2021 World’s Top Female Friendly Companies, one of LinkedIn’s 2021 Top Companies in the U.S., and as a Great Place to Work® for the fourth consecutive year. For the 11th consecutive year, Realogy was once again recognized for our culture of integrity as one of the 2022 World’s Most Ethical Companies® by Ethisphere® Institute. With a strong focus on diversity, equity, and inclusion in real estate, Realogy continues to pave a path for progress through our corporate environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives. In 2021, we launched new programs to mentor and develop employees of color and to attract and retain diverse talent. We also continued to champion underrepresented communities in real estate, expanding both our Inclusive Ownership Program and What Moves Her initiatives to welcome more entrepreneurs to our industry and extending access to our Fair Housing training course to our industry partners. This progress is anchored by the influential, diverse, and experienced bench of leaders who drive Realogy’s transformation forward. Last month, we welcomed Melissa McSherry as Realogy’s Chief Operating Officer. With deep product, technology, and digital experience, McSherry serves as a member of our executive leadership team and will drive product, technology, marketing, and customer experience for the enterprise as we accelerate delivery of a more seamless, digital transaction. Moving to What’s Next With impressive financial results, strategic execution, and meaningful progress on our capital allocation priorities in 2021, Realogy successfully completed the first chapter of our transformation. As we launch our next chapter, we are actively accelerating our focus on growth and innovation to further simplify and integrate the real estate transaction for consumers. Our portfolio of great brands empowers these strategic objectives, whether through the strength of our luxury brand leadership, the deep synergy in our owned brokerage operations with title and mortgage, or the generally consistent revenue generation of our national franchises over the past few years, all of which is accelerated by Realogy’s technology and innovation. Together, we are enabling affiliated agents and franchisees to deliver customers a better home buying and selling experience as we move real estate to what’s next. On behalf of our Board of Directors, my senior leadership team, and our employees, thank you for your continued support of and investment in Realogy. Sincerely, 

Ryan M. Schneider 

Chief Executive Officer and President
