To our customers, associates, communities and shareholders: In 2019, Regions concluded the decade with another successful year, well positioned to enter 2020 with optimism and confidence in our strategic direction. There is much to be proud of over our 168-year history, but perhaps most noteworthy is the foundation we continue to build to generate consistent, sustainable long-term performance. This objective guides every decision we make. By embracing change, getting closer to customers and working every day to improve our operations, Regions associates are realizing the potential for what regional banking can be today and in the future. Our 2019 accomplishments set the stage for us to achieve sustainable success through every business cycle. This strong foundation is vital because we recognize there is much that lies beyond our control: uncertain economic conditions, volatile interest rates, shifting political trends – among others. But when we focus on those things we can control, we fortify our ability to prosper through continuous improvement, growth through innovation, strategic investments and, most of all, by leaning into our strengths. Among those strengths: • Culture: Our approach is designed to create shared value for a broad set of stakeholders: customers, associates, communities, and shareholders. We have long believed that our business is only as good as the health of the communities in which we operate, and our actions are guided by that understanding. • Customer Focus: We keep pace with a rapidly changing business environment by thinking from the customers’ perspective, anticipating their needs, and finding the best solutions to satisfy their expectations. • Team: We are in a people-centric business and our long-term success depends on our ability to attract and nurture talent. A diverse and engaged workforce, equipped with the right training and technology, is a “must-have” to effectively serve customers. The investments we make in our associates are truly investments in the continued success of our business. • Markets: Regions’ unique footprint boasts geographic diversity that couples stable funding and profitability from our core markets with growth opportunities in new markets. Our growth initiatives are targeted toward high-potential, priority markets, and our investments there help drive our growth strategy. • Enterprise Risk Management: We’ve spent nearly a decade strengthening our risk management framework, and that work continues to this day. Regions’ risk management process is robust and dynamic, encompassing a collaborative risk culture, responsible risk governance and a sound risk appetite. In 2019, we continued to take actions to reduce interest rate risk, manage credit risk, and build a stronger and more resilient balance sheet. Achieving Our Financial Objectives Regions’ 2019 financial performance underscores the soundness of our strategy and the effectiveness of our execution. Despite significant changes in the operating environment during the year, including three interest rate reductions, we delivered strong net income available to common shareholders1 of $1.5 billion. We achieved a 10 percent year-over-year increase in diluted earnings per share, to $1.50. Notably, pre-tax pre-provision income2 was at its highest level since 2007. Fueled by our continuous improvement initiatives, we generated positive operating leverage of approximately 4 percent on a reported basis, and 2 percent on an adjusted basis2 , compared to the prior year. On a full-year basis, our adjusted efficiency ratio2 improved 130 basis points, to 58 percent. Our core businesses continued to perform well in 2019, with growth recorded in consumer checking accounts and households, credit cards and wealth assets under management. Adjusted loan growth2 was 4 percent, led by 7 percent adjusted growth2 in commercial and industrial loans. Asset quality remained positive and overall credit results remained in line with our risk expectations. Average deposits remained solid at $94.4 billion as our deposit advantage remains a distinct and meaningful differentiator. In 2019, we remained focused on optimizing our deposit base through low-cost consumer and business services deposits. Effectively managing risks of all kinds, including interest rate risk, is central to protecting and increasing shareholder value. In early 2018, we anticipated a slowing economy and proactively began executing a comprehensive hedging strategy to safeguard net interest income in a declining rate environment. This approach reduces our need to stretch for loan growth to drive earnings. Returning value to shareholders remains an important priority. In 2019, we returned approximately 112 percent of net income to shareholders, including repurchasing 72.5 million shares of common stock, approximately 7 percent of shares outstanding, and paying $582 million in common stock dividends. Consistent, long-term results are our focus, and, looking at our performance through a broader lens, we are pleased that since 2015, Regions’ total shareholder return ranks second highest among our 13 industry peers. A Sustained Commitment to Continuous Improvement and Innovation As we move forward in the new decade, we anticipate several challenges—persistently low interest rates, relatively modest economic growth, and the continued entry of non-traditional competitors into the financial services sector. Meeting these challenges requires us to redouble our commitment to continuous improvement, increasing investments in people, technology, and innovation that delivers value to our customers and makes our operations more efficient. In 2018, we embarked on an initiative called Simplify and Grow to drive continuous improvement across every function and in every department. This effort identified 70 specific opportunities to drive new revenue or improve efficiency and effectiveness. To date, 27 of these initiatives have been implemented and have enabled us to make targeted investments that fuel continued growth. While 43 of our currently identified continuous improvement initiatives are yet to be completed, we are excited about the potential that remains to drive both revenue and efficiency. Technology to Spur Customer Convenience and Banking Efficiency Sustainable, long-term growth requires robust and thoughtful technology investments. Ours is, and will remain, a relationship business, and those relationships are enhanced by innovations that help us work smarter and deliver convenience and a better banking experience to our customers. Today, over 80 percent of all interactions are digital as more than two-thirds of our consumer checking customers utilize multiple channels. And, this digital transformation is accelerating—approximately 60 percent of all mortgage applications are now completed online; mobile deposits increased 52 percent in 2019 and now represent more than 13 percent of all consumer deposits; and we’ve seen a 72 percent increase in digital loan applications. These are not only enhancing banking efficiency, but also reducing environmental impact. In 2019, we saved 92 million sheets of paper alone through customer accounts moving to electronic statements. We are committed to equipping our skilled bankers with leading-edge technology. For several years, we’ve been combining artificial intelligence and data analytics in order to anticipate the needs of the customer and provide faster, easier and more personalized solutions. We’ve introduced a range of technological improvements, including: • Enhancing eSignature functionalities to make loan closings and associated documentation easier for customers and associates. • Deploying artificial intelligence capabilities to enhance the customer experience and improve effectiveness and efficiency of our Contact Center. • Introducing a new interactive digital tool—Guided Discovery for Business—to support consistent needsbased conversations by our bankers that deepen existing customer relationships. In 2020 alone, we will invest about $625 million in technology to continue to accelerate transformation across the enterprise. We are commencing a five-year initiative to entirely replace our core loan and deposit systems with new technological solutions. This is a complex, but exciting, undertaking that will fundamentally transform the way we conduct our business. Robust cyber security defenses and stronger tools to protect the privacy of our customers’ data are another focus of our technology investments. These are mission-critical priorities for a financial institution, and we continue to acquire and deploy new capabilities and systems to meet the challenge of emerging threats. Building Tomorrow’s Regions What will Regions look like five years from now? How will we continue to adapt to change, work smarter and offer our customers the safety, security, speed, convenience, effective solutions and trusted advice they expect? Our investments in technology and continued digital transformation are vital. But, in my view, even more essential are the skills, capabilities, customer focus and high engagement of our teams. Our business is built around our talent, is centered on relationships with our customers, and succeeds in thriving communities. As I visit with teams across our organization, I’m consistently impressed by the way our associates work together to generate unique ideas and execute effective solutions for our customers. Our leaders are approachable and collaborative. Associate engagement measures regularly put us in the top quartile among all companies. But this people-centric approach doesn’t just happen on its own—we must continuously nurture it. That’s why we’ve made significant new investments in talent, knowing that this investment will not only support our associates; it will lead to better service for customers and stronger performance over the long term. A Team that Reflects the Diversity of Our Markets A strong commitment to diversity and inclusion is a core part of our strategy to achieve sustainable performance. It’s imperative that our teams reflect the increasing diversity of our communities and customer base. Diverse perspectives make us a stronger competitor and create a work environment where every associate feels they belong and have a voice. In 2019, the introduction of an inclusion observance calendar helped us structure many of our inclusion activities. We also sponsor ten diversity networks, and are evaluating the addition of others, to provide opportunities for our associates to share experiences and perspectives. To further our commitment, in 2019 we joined CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™, the largest CEO-driven coalition to advance diversity and inclusion in the workplace. Investments in Talent for the Regional Bank of Tomorrow Our business is evolving rapidly and so, too, are the skills needed to effectively serve customers. That’s why we have increased our focus on career development and training. We have implemented learning solutions intended to help our associates gain the skills they will need in tomorrow’s workplace. Our “Leading the Regions Way” program continues to support our effort to strengthen leadership skills and build a robust pipeline of leadership talent. Regions associates can now access personalized training programs through the new Regions Edge learning platform. Reskilling and upskilling our workforce are essential to staying competitive and to retaining valued associates. A prime example can be found in our branches, where we have adopted the “universal banker” model to serve customers. Today, these associates are trained to perform every function within a branch, from simple deposits to more complex business or home mortgage loan applications. This approach provides team members a broader career path and new opportunities for advancement. From a benefits perspective, we’re offering more attractive packages to appeal to the best new talent and to keep our turnover low. To help associates prepare for retirement, we have increased our entry-level hourly wage and increased the company 401(k) matching contribution to 5 percent—in addition to our preexisting 2 percent company contribution available to those associates that do not participate in the company’s pension plan. Our newly expanded parental leave plan provided 400 mothers and 185 fathers more paid time off to spend with their growing families in 2019. In addition to its many benefits for our business, our commitment to associates has also earned external recognition. Regions was designated for the fifth consecutive year as a Great Place to Work-Certified™ company in 2019 and was honored with Gallup’s 2019 Great Workplace Award. Investments to Strengthen the Communities We Serve Regions thrives when the communities we serve are also flourishing. That’s why being a strong community partner, both through our lending activity and philanthropic endeavors, is central to our approach to creating shared value. In 2019, our Community Engagement team completed a continuous improvement project that created new Community Development Lending and Investment opportunities, including: • Releasing more than $25 million in capital previously held in reserve for Community Development Lending and Investment, • Creating a comprehensive process for the timely and efficient underwriting and approving of Community Development Loans and Investments, and • Establishing the framework, including staffing, board structure, policies, and capitalization, for Regions Community Development Corporation. Beginning in 2017, we substantially increased funding for the Regions Foundation, taking its endowment to $100 million, and established three distinct community investment strategic priorities: economic and community development, education and workforce readiness, and financial wellness. In 2019, the Regions Foundation reorganized its board and appointed an Executive Director, positioning it to become a more engaged partner for nonprofits in our communities that support charitable causes aligned with its mission. Financial literacy continues to be a common theme of many of Regions’ community partnerships. A great example can be found in our support for Operation Hope, a nonprofit that provides financial literacy empowerment and economic education to youth and adults. Since 2015, through partnerships like these, we’ve helped support more than 17,700 one-on-one counseling sessions and more than 650 group education workshops devoted to financial wellness. Leveraging the time and talent of our associates is another important way we support communities. Regions’ What a Difference a Day Makes volunteerism initiative allows associates to take one paid day off per year to perform volunteer work. In the last five years, 380,000 service hours have been donated in support of hundreds of charitable community activities across more than a dozen states. That’s the kind of people-first, communityoriented focus that defines our culture. Translating Operational Efficiencies into Environmental Gains Aligned with Regions’ commitment to ongoing continuous improvement, our focus on efficiency also extends to enhancing our environmental performance. Like most financial institutions, we are not major emitters of carbon. Yet, we recognize the responsibility of all businesses today to minimize their carbon impacts. Accordingly, we have established goals to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions and energy use each by 30 percent by 2023 against a 2015 baseline. Through 2019, we have achieved reductions of 28 and 19 percent, respectively. Work to streamline our physical footprint through the consolidation of facilities also produces environmental benefits; in 2019, we reduced 650,000 square feet of space through efficiency initiatives. Through our lending activities, Regions also has the opportunity to address environmental challenges and make a meaningful contribution to mitigating climate change. We are increasing our focus in this area, and, to that end, last year Regions provided $280 million of funding to support the development of 13 photovoltaic solar projects and provide financing for a range of other renewable energy projects. In addition, Regions participated in raising $600 million in a green bond issuance for a leading utility company. We were gratified that lending activities such as these, combined with our operational initiatives, have landed Regions on Barron’s ranking of the 100 Most Sustainable Companies list in both 2019 and 2020. Strong Governance, Effective Shareholder Engagement Strong and effective governance is fundamental to Regions’ success, and I, and all members of senior management, greatly benefit from the oversight and guidance Board members provide as we work to execute our plan to achieve long-term sustainable growth and create shared value for all our stakeholders. Active and transparent engagement with shareholders is the hallmark of an effective board; so, too, is a strong commitment to board diversity. I’m especially pleased that the Board’s Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee proposed, and the full Board adopted, changes to the Corporate Governance Principles that include a specific focus on seeking out diverse candidates when searching for a new Director, often described as the Rooney Rule. This practice has also been adopted as it relates to filling all executive officer positions within the company. Regions’ commitment to diversity and inclusion is being modeled from the top and that has very positive implications for our organization going forward. Energized by the Challenges Ahead I’m pleased by our significant achievements in 2019, but there is much more work ahead. We will likely face the challenge of persistently low interest rates in 2020 and the potential that a slowing economy will pressure our ability to grow revenue. Additionally, new, nontraditional players will continue to enter our industry and seek to challenge our business model. Our Regions teams welcome these challenges. In fact, we are energized by them. Every day we are greeted by the opportunity to improve our business and strengthen how we deliver for customers. That’s an exciting opportunity. By embracing change and focusing on what’s most important, our nearly 20,000 Regions associates are up to the task. I’m confident about how we are positioned to deliver over the long term for our customers, associates, communities, and shareholders. My thanks to everyone who has contributed to Regions’ success in 2019. We look forward to capitalizing on that hard work and delivering our goals in 2020. 

Sincerely,

John Turner 

President and Chief Executive Officer
