To Our Shareholders: COVID-19 has brought disruption, strain, and sorrow for millions of people around the world, and my heart goes out to all who have lost a friend, family member, or loved one during the pandemic. This difficult period has reaffirmed RGA’s vital role in an industry that safeguards families’ financial futures during times of uncertainty and loss. Throughout 2020, RGA’s operational and financial resilience was put to the test, and I am incredibly proud of how our employees and our business have responded by continuing to deliver on our promises to our clients, our investors, and the communities in which we live and work. Despite absorbing an estimated $720 million in COVID-19-related claim costs, RGA generated net income of $415 million in 2020, or $6.31 per diluted share, down from the previous year’s $870 million, or $13.62 per diluted share. RGA’s recurring revenue model proved resilient, producing record highs in annual net premiums of $11.7 billion and total revenues of $14.6 billion. Strong performance in several segments, including Global Financial Solutions across all regions, Asia Pacific across all product lines, and group and individual health operations in the U.S., offset underperformance in other areas, once again demonstrating the value of RGA’s diversified global platform. The negative financial impact of the pandemic manifested most acutely in the U.S. individual mortality business, where estimated COVID-19-related claim costs totaled approximately $545 million. Excluding claims attributed to COVID-19, the individual mortality experience was generally favorable for the year. On the U.S. group side, a long-term strategy built around disciplined, consistent pricing paid off as favorable experience generated robust earnings growth. Along with strong performances in U.S. individual health and Latin America operations, this somewhat mitigated losses driven by COVID-19, and the U.S. and Latin America’s traditional segment overall reported a pre-tax loss of $298 million in 2020, compared with pre-tax income of $265 million in 2019. Canada’s traditional business surpassed $1 billion in net premiums for the third consecutive year. Pretax income totaled $134 million for the segment, compared with $168 million the prior year, reflecting a modest impact of COVD-19-related claim costs on financial results. RGA remains a market leader in Canada and is well-positioned to build on established partnerships while advancing new approaches to serving clients and consumers The traditional segment in Europe, Middle East, and Africa (“EMEA”) overcame COVID-19-related claim costs to generate $27 million in pre-tax income, compared to $80 million in 2019. Net premiums increased 8% over the prior year to reach $1.6 billion. The EMEA team’s ongoing digital distribution initiatives gained new traction amid lockdown measures and social distancing protocols. A large single-premium in-force block transaction in the Middle East highlighted a strong year overall in the region. Asia Pacific operations exceeded all key financial targets in 2020. In the segment’s traditional business, favorable underwriting experience in Asia and improved results in Australia drove positive earnings as pre-tax income totaled $174 million, compared with $105 million in 2019. A commitment to enabling clients to better serve their consumers, even amid the many challenges of the pandemic, accelerated product innovation in Asia. In Australia, a multi-year strategy of disciplined focus on returning the operations to long-term sustainability continued to build momentum. Global Financial Solutions (“GFS”) recorded another excellent year, generating pre-tax income of $633 million in 2020 after establishing a record-high $659 million the prior year. As insurers continued to adapt to more demanding solvency requirements, changing accounting standards, and new and ongoing economic pressures, RGA partnered with clients to develop customized financial solutions for improving capital efficiency and promoting long-term stability and growth. GFS in EMEA increased pre-tax income by 16% to reach $258 million and executed its largest-ever longevity swap of approximately $6.7 billion in longevity benefits with a major retirement fund in the U.K. In North America, highlights included outstanding results for the U.S. stable value business and solid earnings growth in Canada. The Asia Pacific GFS team saw years of strategic foundational work produce a breakout year as pre-tax income more than doubled, from $23 million in 2019 to $59 million in 2020. To protect the enterprise’s strong balance sheet against the many uncertainties of the pandemic and worldwide economic volatility, RGA executed a successful public stock offering on June 2 to raise $500 million. This proactive and prudent strategy provided additional capital buffers to ensure ongoing stability, immediate flexibility, and long-term sustainability for RGA and our client partners. RGA ended 2020 with an excess capital position of approximately $1.3 billion. As stay-at-home measures accelerated the adoption of digital processes and alternative evidence sources, RGAX served as a trusted partner for insurers forced to rapidly adjust to virtual engagement and an increasingly data-driven industry environment. RGAX’s portfolio of tech-enabled insurance services expanded to new clients and new markets in 2020, while the group’s innovation teams III connected clients to insurtech partners to pursue future-focused solutions – all backed by the strength, experience, and expertise of RGA. Taken together, RGA’s many business accomplishments from the past year demonstrate our agility, resilience, and consistency. In the face of extreme circumstances, we were able to execute on our strategy and deliver positive results for our clients, partners, and investors. While I am very proud of these achievements and the hard work they represent, what best defined 2020 and made it a truly inspiring time to be a part of the global RGA family were the many ways we came together as an organization to support one another and the communities we serve. At the enterprise level, the RGA Foundation granted $1.5 million and matched all employee contributions to support COVID-19 charitable efforts and frontline healthcare workers in our home communities worldwide. Following racial unrest in the U.S. and the events that unfolded around the world, RGA strengthened its ongoing commitment to diversity and inclusion by creating diversity councils and extending contribution matching to organizations dedicated to racial justice. As the insurance industry struggled with the threat of COVID-19, RGA experts stepped up to provide hundreds of webcasts, research papers, and articles to battle uncertainty with knowledge. And to promote the wellbeing of our workforce members and their families, teams throughout the organization worked tirelessly to ensure their colleagues had the services, resources, and support they needed in trying times. I would like to thank RGA employees, as well as our clients, shareholders, and partners, for making 2020 a successful year in the face of so much adversity. I look forward to continuing to grow this remarkable company together and advancing the important work of RGA and the insurance industry.

Anna Manning 

President and Chief Executive Officer
