Dear Fellow Shareholders, In 2019, Simon Property Group (“SPG”, “Simon” or the “Company”) posted industry-leading, record results including revenues ($5.75 billion), cash flow ($4.04 billion), and Funds From Operations (“FFO”) ($4.39 billion). We also paid $8.30 per share in cash dividends to our shareholders in 2019. By year-end 2020, due to the pandemic and various governmental forced closures, we lost approximately 13,500 shopping days which resulted in our revenues declining by $1.15 billion, cash flow declining by $1.46 billion, and FFO declining by $1.15 billion. Certainly, a scenario we never anticipated. Over the years, we have built our Company to withstand economic shocks. We proved just that with our bounceback in 2021. What a difference a year makes. No one did it better than we did. Once we were allowed to re-open, our business showed tremendous resiliency and improvement. We were aided by our well-located, high-quality real estate portfolio that has been tested over the years, our smart platform investments fueling the Simon flywheel and the support of our strong management team, a positive consumer and retailer results. We have seen a significant movement by our consumer to go back to brick-andmortar shopping, and we are expecting a migration from city centers back to highquality suburbs for a better quality of life. These trends will fuel our future growth. I am pleased to report that during 2021, we recorded significant occupancy gains and record retailer sales, and demand for our space is robust and increasing daily. Our revenues increased more than $500 million (to $5.12 billion), cash flow increased $1.3 billion (to $3.88 billion), FFO increased $1.2 billion (to $4.49 billion) and we increased our quarterly dividend by 27% from 2020 levels. Your Company’s strength in the face of unprecedented challenges produced these terrific results, reinforcing my belief that we are wellpositioned going forward. Our Domestic Property Net Operating Income (“NOI”) in 2021 was approximately 8% below our record 2019 levels after posting a 17% decline in 2020. I expect that as we open more and more tenants (replacing the ones lost through COVID-19), we will be above our 2019 NOI before you know it. At Simon, we have a resoundingly positive view of our Company and our ability to grow, a clear vision of the present and future retail landscape, our well-located real estate and its many uses, and our management savvy. We have had consistent growth over multiple decades, with ever-changing economic cycles. This is a testament to being well-positioned, our ability to manage during extreme challenges, redevelop and re-imagine our properties, and our ability to find accretive investments in complementary businesses. Our core strengths of capital allocation, balance sheet management, and operating expertise will fuel growth. We will continually set the bar high as property owners and stewards of capital. This is not new for us; we always look to improve our results. The cover of this year’s annual report (clear blue sky) represents our positive view of your Company. There are exciting possibilities ahead for your Company. These include new development and redevelopment in our U.S. and international portfolios; investments in hospitality, wellness, food and entertainment, e-commerce, retail brands and growth stage companies operating at the intersection of retail and technology that drive innovative consumer experiences. We have created a flywheel of unique relationships with brands and businesses. The ability to continue to evolve our Company with interesting and innovative investment opportunities is unmatched and unparalleled in our sector. Our long-term investments in our real estate and other platforms will go unabated and my expectation is from that, growth in cash flow and dividends, and ultimately, share price appreciation will occur. One simple thought before I turn to 2021 highlights. Who needs the metaverse when you have the real thing! Now our highlights. FINANCIAL RESULTS AND OPERATING METRICS We delivered impressive results. ■ Consolidated revenues increased more than 11% to $5.12 billion. ■ Net income was $2.25 billion, or $6.84 per diluted share. ■ FFO increased more than 38% to $4.49 billion (record) or $11.94 per diluted share. ■ Our share of Domestic Property NOI grew 12%, or approximately $475 million year-over-year, to $4.42 billion. ■ Our share of Portfolio NOI, including NOI from Taubman Realty Group (“TRG”) and international properties on a constant currency basis, grew 22%, or more than $925 million, to $5.08 billion. ■ Generated nearly $1.5 billion in excess cash flow, after dividends. ■ Occupancy for our U.S. Malls and Premium Outlets® increased 210 basis points and ended the year at 93.4% and The Mills® occupancy ended the year at 97.6%. ■ Reported retailer sales across our portfolio were $713 per square foot (record), an increase of more than 42% year-over-year. ■ The total return on our stock, including dividends, was more than 95% and outperformed the S&P 500 in 2021. REDEVELOPMENT INCLUDING THE ADDITION OF MIXEDUSE COMPONENTS ■ We completed more than 20 redevelopment projects across all our platforms in the U.S. and internationally during the year. ■ Our total investment in redevelopment projects completed was more than $425 million, with an average cashon-cash yield of approximately 8%. ■ We completed redevelopment projects of several former department store spaces including Burlington Mall in Burlington (Boston), Massachusetts; Ocean County Mall in Toms River (New York), New Jersey; Northshore Mall in Peabody (Boston), Massachusetts; Tacoma Mall in Tacoma (Seattle), Washington; and West Town Mall in Knoxville, Tennessee. ■ We opened 33 anchor/specialty tenants in 2021 and expect to open more than 40 in 2022. ■ We also continued to add mixed-use components to our market-leading centers with the openings of two AC Hotels by Marriott at Dadeland Mall in Miami, Florida, and Sawgrass Mills in Sunrise (Miami), Florida. ■ Over the past five years, we have completed the redevelopment of more than 20 former department store sites into alternative uses and have a significant pipeline of additional opportunities. ■ We have many other attractive redevelopment opportunities in our pipeline and expect to commence construction shortly at Brea Mall in Brea (Los Angeles), California; King of Prussia in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; and Stoneridge Shopping Center in Pleasanton (San Francisco), California. ■ At Phipps Plaza in Buckhead (Atlanta), Georgia, we will open a transformative redevelopment that redefines the future of modern, mixed-use luxury. This redevelopment, opening fall 2022, will feature a 150-room Nobu Hotel and Nobu Restaurant; One Phipps Plaza, a 13-story Class A LEED Gold certified office building; a Life Time Athletic and Life Time Work; and CITIZENS Culinary Market. In the center of these new additions will be a lavish greenspace for outdoor events, dining, and entertainment. The transformed Phipps Plaza represents placemaking at its finest. A perfect example of a former department store space redeveloped that will fuel growth for the overall asset. ■ At Northgate Station in Seattle, Washington, the former Northgate Mall site, one of the first enclosed shopping centers built in 1950, we opened the first phase of the project’s redevelopment featuring the new NHL franchise Seattle Kraken’s corporate office and the Kraken Community Iceplex. The Iceplex includes the team’s practice facility, 32 Bar & Grill and a medical center. Northgate Station is a perfect example of a regional center being transformed into a vibrant mixeduse environment. ■ Since 2012, we have invested nearly $9 billion to enhance our retail offerings and add complementary mixed-use components to our bestin-class properties. INTERNATIONAL ■ Our international portfolio includes 22 Premium Outlets and 11 Designer Outlets in 13 countries; a 22.4% interest in Klépierre (which owns approximately 150 properties in 14 European countries); and TRG’s four properties in Asia (two in China and two in South Korea). ■ We continue to deploy capital into our international platform at attractive returns and invested approximately $240 million in three projects that returned an average yield on cost of approximately 9%. ■ We opened West Midlands Designer Outlet, a 197,000 square foot outlet center located in Staffordshire, England and Jeju Premium Outlets, a 92,000 square foot outlet center located in Jeju Province, South Korea. Jeju Premium Outlets is our fifth Premium Outlet Center in South Korea. ■ We also completed an expansion at La Reggia Designer Outlet (56,000 square foot expansion) in Marcianise (Naples), Italy. ■ We have two new international development projects under construction: Fukaya-Hanazono Premium Outlets in Tokyo, Japan opening fall 2022, our tenth Premium Outlet in Japan; and Paris-Giverny Designer Outlet (Normandie) in France opening spring 2023. Total gross costs for these two projects are approximately $315 million with an expected average yield on cost of approximately 9%. LEASING ■ We executed more than 4,100 leases totaling over 15 million square feet across the portfolio. This was the highest amount of leasing activity we have done over the past six years. ■ Luxury brands continued to choose our portfolio as we executed leases with Gucci, Alexander McQueen, Balenciaga, Bally, Tag Heuer, Breitling, Marc Jacobs, Louis Vuitton, and Prada. Other new luxury brands being added to our portfolio include Amiri, Ferrari Store, and GANINI. ■ Restaurant activity is robust, as we drive more chef-driven and worldclass restaurants to our centers while nurturing our existing relationships and best-in-class local operators. ■ We executed 61 restaurant deals in 2021 and opened 43 including Joey, North Italia, Parm, Plank Seafood Provisions, Shake Shack, Sweetgreen, and True Food Kitchen. ■ Demand for our second-generation restaurant spaces from national, regional, and local restaurateurs remains strong. These spaces provide opportunity for a quick ramp-up, with less capital and risk. ■ We added interactive entertainment retailers to our properties including Museum of Ice Cream, Legoland and Dave and Buster’s. Future entertainment openings include Meow Wolf, Slick City Action Park, and Suffolk Punch. ■ Life Time opened at Northshore Mall and The Shops at Riverside, further enhancing the mixed-use environment of these properties through their healthy way of life communities. We will open additional Life Time locations at Phipps Plaza and The Falls in 2022 and 2023, respectively. MARKETING ■ Our marketing strategy is focused on the most creative and innovative content and media platforms to drive awareness, shopper traffic and sales for the brands and retailers in our centers and create engagement with our consumer. ■ Our marketing team collaborates with leading brands on cutting-edge events and promotions to drive store traffic and on localized digital campaigns to build awareness for in-store initiatives. ■ Executed over 2,100 events and programs on and off-mall to engage community members, shoppers, and visitors. ■ Generated over 2 billion advertising Simon Shopper impressions across all media channels. ■ Grew the VIP Shopper Club and Mall Insider programs to nearly 16 million members, with messaging focused on new store openings, local programs, retailer deals and special promotions. ■ Substantially increased the Simon global website traffic to over 223 million annual visits. We deepened the localized content on our property websites, including unique promotion of home/ houseware and luxury-type retailers. ■ Expanded the use of QR codes at our centers to drive shoppers to deals, to sign up for VIP Club access and to explore new stores and promotions. Produced a digital campaign targeting domestic tourists at various stages in their travel journey, resulting in more than 150 million impressions. ■ Developed best-in-class materials and tools to support ongoing leasing efforts and implemented a social media plan, growing organic impressions by 129%. SIMON BRAND VENTURES ■ Simon Brand Ventures continues to provide brands and retailers with unique opportunities to reach shoppers both online and in our centers. ■ Our unmatched go-to-market strategy leads the industry, consistently outperforming industry benchmarks and delivering significant impact for our Company, including revenue growth of 43% in 2021. ■ Established key multi-year national strategic alliances with Afterpay and Klarna to support retailer sales and deliver alternative consumer payment options in the “Buy Now, Pay Later” category. ■ Continued to generate significant demand in the retail category from brands and retailers eager to leverage our media assets to drive incremental traffic to their stores. ■ Brands want access to our large customer base and the many visits that generates to our portfolio. INNOVATION ■ Built a strategic marketing relationship with Klarna and expect to launch a new, innovative program this year. ■ Simon Search, a new mall-wide product search capability, will launch later this year. ■ Partnered with multiple players, including ShopPremiumOutlets.com, to offer live streaming shopping events from our tourism centers, expanding the reach of those stores in both domestic and international markets. ■ Launched the Grab Go Eat platform to support multi-restaurant ordering to-go experiences at Simon eateries. ■ Partnerships with Happy Returns and Narvar provide shoppers at more than 30 centers with hassle-free merchandise returns, refunds and return shipping to participating brands. ■ Re-platformed and added new functionality to the Simon mobile app for iOS and Android. ■ Deepened the localized content showcased on each center’s digital assets, including on property websites, the Simon app and on social media. PLATFORM INVESTMENTS ■ Five years ago, we began to build our non-real estate platform. Why? We have great insight into the consumer, extensive relationships with leading brands and strong investment skills. We are very pleased with our investments that have been made in leading companies and brands involved in retail operations, intellectual property rights, and licensing and e-commerce marketplaces. The market value of these investments is multiples of our cash investments. ■ Our retail operations investments include SPARC Group and JCPenney. SPARC includes seven brands— Aéropostale, Brooks Brothers, Eddie Bauer, Forever 21, Lucky Brand, Nautica and the most recent addition, Reebok. We entered a joint venture (our partners include Brookfield Asset Management, Inc. and Authentic Brands Group [“ABG”]) to acquire JCPenney out of bankruptcy in December 2020. In just one year, we stabilized the business, significantly improved financial results, de-levered the balance sheet, added private and exclusive national brands, and established a new leadership team focused on the future growth of this storied retailer. Our retail operations produced terrific results in 2021, outperforming on gross margin and EBITDA. ■ We have an approximate 10% ownership interest in ABG, a world-class intellectual property, brand development, marketing, and entertainment company. The ABG licensing platform includes more than 30 brands and generates approximately $10 billion in gross merchandise value through its network of over 700 partners globally. We recognized a significant gain in ABG due to their recapitalization that happened at the end of last year. The market value of ABG when we first invested was a little over $1 billion and today it stands over $13 billion. ■ In addition to our successful investments in traditional operating retailers and licensing ventures, we continue to advance the digitization of our business through our investment in Rue Gilt Groupe (“RGG”). RGG is the leading premium and luxury offprice e-commerce portfolio company, consisting of three distinct yet complementary brands—Gilt, Rue La La and Shop Premium Outlets. With over 5,000 premium and luxury brands at prices that often are up to 70% off full-price retail, RGG is a trusted online fashion authority that provides a differentiated value proposition for a highly coveted shopping demographic. Our partner is Michael Rubin, who is a pioneer in e-commerce with a storied track record. TAUBMAN REALTY GROUP ■ We completed the first year of our 80% ownership interest in TRG and are very pleased with our partnership and the company’s results. ■ TRG posted great operating metrics and financial results, which outperformed our underwriting. Occupancy increased 210 basis points during the year and the portfolio is generating $1,000 in retailer sales per square foot. ■ The TRG portfolio includes some great real estate, and we look forward to enhancing the value of their assets together through redevelopment opportunities, including the addition of mixed-use components. SUSTAINABILITY ■ Simon has been at the front line of action and responsibility for a more sustainable world and is dedicated to continually innovating through its extensive portfolio of environmental and social sustainability programs. These programs not only contribute to improving our financial performance but also enhance our positive impact on the communities where our centers are located. By supporting the Science Based Targets initiative and resetting our carbon reduction targets, Simon is prepared to take the necessary steps to reduce its environmental impact now and into the future. ■ We revamped our environmental policies and procedures to elevate our standards and to reduce operating expenses in energy, water, and waste. By elevating our own standards, and by educating local teams on environmental best practices, we aim to minimize our impact on the environment, while providing a safe and comfortable environment for all our stakeholders, and our employees. ■ We have also aligned our climaterelated risk disclosure with the recommendations made by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), established by the Financial Stability Board (FSB). ■ Installed approximately 1,200 electric vehicle (EV) charging stations at 124 centers across the U.S. ■ Maintained the WELL Health Safety RatingTM at all our U.S. and Canadian centers. ■ Added 28 new Institute of Real Estate Management (IREM®) Certified Sustainable Properties certifications, for a total of 30 green building certifications across our portfolio. IREM CSP is a prestigious sustainability certification program that focuses on the role of exceptional real estate management in green building performance. ■ Recognized as a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion in the 2021 Disability Equality Index. COMMUNITY IMPACT ■ Our centers are more than places to shop, dine and be entertained. We strive to make our shopping destinations sources of pride for those that live and work in the communities we serve. Through our involvement, engagement, and support of their community priorities, we work to fulfill that edict throughout the year in several ways. ■ Our centers engaged in the planning and execution of more than 175 events that brought together shoppers and local causes important to the communities we serve. As a result, we raised over $3 million in financial support and collected over 220,000 donated items. ■ Our centers hosted lifestyle events such as job fairs, farmers markets, fitness classes and movie nights. We worked to fulfill community needs with blood drives and to raise awareness of the good work of our first responders. ■ With an extensive list of organizational partnerships, we put our people and our hard work to the task in 2021. Our major partnerships included work with Habitat for Humanity Women Build, American Heart Association, Kids Against Hunger, Make-A-Wish, The Fallen and Wounded Soldiers Fund, Feeding America, and American Red Cross, among others. ■ In 2021, we published our Diversity & Inclusion (D&I) statement and policy, reinforcing our commitment to valuing diversity as essential and a key to our success. ■ For the 2020-2021 academic year, Simon Youth Foundation (“SYF”) graduated 2,026 students—the largest class in the Foundation’s 20-plus-year history! Their tireless efforts brought SYF’s lifetime number of graduates to over 24,000 from its 44 academies in 16 states. SYF has also awarded scholarships totaling $20 million, supporting nearly 6,000 students with academic promise, proven civic engagement, and demonstrated financial need. Please support SYF. RETURNING CAPITAL TO SHAREHOLDERS ■ Cash dividends paid in 2021 totaled approximately $2.7 billion. ■ We have paid more than $36 billion in dividends over our history as a public company. That impresses even me! BALANCE SHEET ■ Thoughtful balance sheet management is a fundamental strength of our Company, and we continue to have the strongest balance sheet in our industry. ■ We were very active in the debt capital markets, completing more than $13 billion of financing activities: –Amended and extended our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility. –Completed two U.S. dollar senior notes offerings totaling $2.75 billion with a weighted average term of 8.3 years and yield of 1.96%. –Issued €750 million of notes at 1.125% for a 12-year term. –Completed 25 secured loan refinancings for more than $3 billion. –Extended TRG’s $1.6 billion revolving credit facility and refinanced $800 million in TRG mortgage debt across three loans. –In January 2022, we completed a two-tranche U.S. dollar senior notes offering totaling $1.2 billion with a weighted average yield of 1.71%. Proceeds were used to fund the retirement of approximately $1.3 billion of mortgages at 3.75% weighted average interest rate. ■ We reduced our total debt outstanding by over $1.5 billion during 2021. ■ Our liquidity was approximately $8 billion, following the January 2022 senior notes issuance. ■ Our balance sheet continues to differentiate us within our industry, given our strong investment grade credit ratings of A-/A3 and access to capital. CLOSING At Simon, we are always evolving and striving to improve. Our business has always changed, and it will continue to do so, but our people, our vision, our strong financial position and our culture will allow us to seize upon the opportunities that change creates. We will continue to be innovative, creating memorable, unique experiences for shoppers and retailers alike. The fundamental view of our business has never wavered and our vision for its future is as strong as ever. We have our momentum back after two tough years due to the pandemic. I want to thank our Board of Directors for their tireless commitment and counsel, and my colleagues across Simon Property Group for their dedication and work they continue to do for our tenants, shoppers and communities every day. Finally, thank you, our shareholders, for your continued confidence and support. Your comments and thoughts are always welcome and appreciated. 

DAVID SIMON 

Chairman, CEO & President
