To our stakeholders: In many ways, 2021 marked the beginning of a possible “new normal.” Extraordinary ingenuity was on full display with the development and rollout of multiple vaccines for billions of people, less than a year after the initial outbreak of COVID-19. This profound scientific achievement, along with new behaviors such as mask-wearing and testing, gave millions of Americans the confidence to get back together, travel, eat out, and return to on-site work. While the delta and omicron variants expanded the reach and devastating impact of this pandemic, consumer and business confidence and demand generally rebounded much more rapidly than expected. Against this progress, there were challenges. Our clients experienced labor shortages defined by an ever-changing workforce and the beginning of inflationary pressures. In addition, global progress fighting the pandemic was inconsistent, creating supply chain issues that affected businesses around the world, including our clients and communities. Looking back, 2020—our first year as Truist—was filled with challenges and our primary focus was shifting gears to navigate the pandemic. Truist teammates’ inspirational response to helping our clients and fellow teammates defined and activated our purpose: to inspire and build better lives and communities. An intense focus and commitment, combined with the strong alignment around purpose, mission, and values, brought our new company together quickly, uniting our teammates around our culture. Our focus in 2021 shifted toward becoming one Truist across other dimensions—most notably technology, but also strategy, products, processes, and brand. Across all these dimensions, we made significant progress while also delivering improved financial performance for our stakeholders. For me, 2021 was a year of transition as I assumed the CEO role in September—a great opportunity, privilege, and responsibility. I’m excited to bring my experience and drive to serve our clients, communities, and teammates during this dynamic time for Truist and banking. The future of banking is accelerating and requires new approaches, greater agility, and faster responsiveness. The competitive landscape is broader, but our much-expanded capabilities also create more opportunity. One thing that will not change is my intense desire to listen and learn. In my first 100 days as CEO of Truist, I did exactly that—listen. I’ve spent time with hundreds of teammates, clients, and community leaders across different markets, businesses, and functions, both virtually and face-to-face. These sessions energized me. While I’ve clearly heard how challenging these two years have been, I also have heard optimism and excitement about the future from our clients and our teammates. Community leaders confirm that our community strategy is making a real difference for them, including businesses and individuals in need. I’ve met with many of our largest shareholders and confirmed our high expectations for Truist are aligned. Our decision to create a best-of-both model of integration resulted in increased costs and a longer time frame, which has been frustrating, but it’s one I firmly believe creates the best platform for investment and growth. Through these first 100 days, and all of 2021, I’ve seen a deeply ingrained culture where purpose, performance, teamwork, and a client-first mindset have come together to support our stakeholders, including our communities, teammates, clients, suppliers, and shareholders. I’m immensely grateful for everything our team accomplished and their determination to make a difference. I ended 2021 with incredible optimism about Truist’s purpose and our potential, but I also have a sense of urgency to realize that potential. Our 2021 accomplishments We took major steps forward in our integration process, building on the significant preparation we undertook in 2020. We began the year with our wealth brokerage platform conversion in February, which was a success from a technology perspective, though we learned some valuable lessons from our teammates and clients. We applied those learnings and had extremely successful conversions of our wealth fiduciary/trust platform in May and mortgage originations platform in August. Our largest conversion of 2021 was in October, when we successfully converted about 7 million mostly heritage BB&T clients to our new Truist technology ecosystem, following months of intense preparation by thousands of dedicated teammates. We launched the Truist Mobile app throughout 2021 using our “digital straddle” strategy, where we delinked the digital front-end conversion from the back end, an approach we can leverage for future innovation. Our largest and most complex conversion occurred during Presidents Day weekend 2022, as we successfully converted 7 million heritage SunTrust clients to the Truist technology ecosystem. This conversion substantively completes the major integration processes associated with building Truist, allowing our team to pivot from an integration mindset to an operating mindset, focused on executional excellence and growth. We strengthened our culture, continued to advance our purpose, and took major steps forward in our corporate social responsibility (CSR)/environmental, social, and governance (ESG) profile. We view ESG as an opportunity, not a requirement. We issued our first social bond—the first by a U.S. regional bank—to advance our ESG focus, and have announced emissions and net-zero targets during 2021 and 2022. We continued to activate our culture and purpose, and as part of that, our teammates spent time in 2021 articulating their personal purposes, which has never been more important. Finding one’s personal “why” and discovering how it aligns with our company’s purpose is both the glue and the propellant for success. Our purpose-driven culture is instrumental in attracting and retaining teammates and growing our business. People simply want to work for and do business with companies that stand for something meaningful. Truist combines this meaningful culture with a comprehensive compensation and benefits package, including a pension; significant and ongoing training, development, and career mobility; Truist’s rich history and legacy, with the appeal of a startup; and our intentionally more flexible approach to work. This is our formula for attracting and retaining the best talent. We made new or elevated existing commitments to diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) because we know a more diverse workforce creates a better work environment and better client experiences, and also builds better lives and communities. We released our inaugural Supplier Diversity Economic Report, outlining the $1 billion of economic impact Truist created through our supplier diversity spending efforts. We conducted our first pay equity study at Truist and our results were very strong, but we can’t take our eyes off the commitment to equitable opportunity for success. We increased ethnically diverse representation in senior leadership roles to 15%—a year earlier than our original commitment. While we’re proud to achieve this milestone, this is only the beginning. We produced solid financial results, building a foundation for even stronger performance over time. GAAP EPS was $4.47, up 45% compared to the prior year. Adjusted EPS, which excludes the impact of temporary but significant merger-related costs, was $5.53, up 46% compared to the prior year, primarily driven by the significant reduction in our provision for credit losses due to the rapid recovery of the U.S. economy. Cumulative merger-related costs will approximate $4 billion when all is said and done, more than we initially expected due to the integration efforts required by a best-of-both approach. This approach makes sense for Truist because BB&T and SunTrust invested in different yet complementary technology and business ecosystems, and therefore this was the right decision for our clients. Despite this higher-than-anticipated upfront cost, our conviction in this decision has only increased with time, and we’re confident we are now positioned leaning forward with regard to our technology ecosystem, yielding long-term benefits for our clients, teammates, and shareholders. Revenue performance was mixed. Net interest income was down 6% compared to the prior year, primarily driven by a 7% decline in loans, a reflection of the significant levels of liquidity our clients have built, but also due to our own conservative risk posture during the pandemic and competing priorities from the merger. The good news is our performance improved during the year, with loans at December 31 up 2% (or 7% annualized) compared to September 30, excluding Paycheck Protection Program forgiveness. In addition, our diverse business mix (which was significantly enhanced by the merger) proved advantageous in 2021, with fee income, excluding securities gains, up a very strong 10%, led by insurance and investment banking, businesses that capitalized on their competitive advantages, investments, and strong market conditions to produce record results. This collective performance helped produce strong absolute returns for our shareholders, with TFC stock up 26%, including dividends, in 2021. However, we underperformed our peer group, partially due to the aforementioned elevated merger costs and mixed core operating performance. We’re not yet where we want to be, but I have great confidence in the momentum we have coming into 2022, particularly as our focus pivots from integration to execution, growth, and performance. Our goal is to realize the promise of Truist, which is the potential for both strong growth and profitability, with lower volatility compared with our peers. Introducing purposeful growth As we shift priorities, aiming past systems integration and the pandemic, Truist is well positioned for purposeful growth. Our purpose is not an asterisk or a slogan. It’s the fuel and inspiration for our growth. What is purposeful growth? With our purpose at our core, purposeful growth means capitalizing on our vibrant markets, diverse business mix and capabilities, and outstanding teammates (as One Team) and their advice to produce better results and better lives for our clients. Purposeful growth means investing in strategies that strengthen and differentiate our competitive advantages. Purposeful growth means continuously investing in the future and understanding the changing expectations, evolving environment, and needs of clients and communities, even if it is dilutive in the short term. Our investment thesis is built on four pillars—key themes we believe differentiate Truist from the competition and allow us to inspire and build better lives and communities, and deliver purposeful growth for all our stakeholders. Pillar 1: We have a purpose-driven culture Our purpose statement intentionally begins with the words “to inspire.” We decided from the beginning if we wanted to be a leader, we would need to be bold, be first, and be inspirational. Our first inspirational commitment was our $60 billion Community Benefits Plan, where we are lending and investing to elevate low-to-moderate-income and minority communities by supporting affordable housing, nonprofits, and small businesses. We’re making excellent progress here, ending Nov. 30 at 113% of our goal. Among our commitments to inspire is Truist Momentum, a financial well-being program, based on the Truist Financial Principles. Designed to increase financial literacy for all, the program offers life-changing guidance, tools, and financial well-being initiatives to inspire our teammates and hundreds of thousands of our clients’ employees to manage their money based on what matters most. We announced a $20 million investment in Operation HOPE for financial education and the support of significant initiatives, including the creation of 1 million Black-owned businesses by 2030. Today, HOPE Inside coaches are available at 600 Truist branches, helping clients with important topics such as access to mainstream credit, behaviors that accelerate savings, debt reduction, entrepreneurship, and homeownership. Our purpose defines how we do business every day and serves as a framework for how we make decisions. As an example, we demonstrated care for our clients by staying open during our October 2021 and February 2022 conversion weekends, guiding our clients through the process and addressing any questions or concerns. To my knowledge, we’re the first bank that’s ever provided this service during a systems conversion. We determined that the Paycheck Protection Program would exemplify our commitment to our communities, and we were the fourth-largest lender during the past two years, providing nearly $17 billion of lending to small businesses throughout our communities. This commitment helped bridge businesses and their employees to the other side of the pandemic. Our efforts to promote financial inclusion and confidence for our clients in our day-to-day business continue to strengthen. Our Bank On certified1 Money Account (prepaid debit card), secured credit card (secured by a deposit account) and Ready Now loan (up to $1,000 emergency loan) support clients who may not qualify for mainstream banking and are looking to build or rebuild credit. We helped our clients along their financial journeys through our industry-leading Child Tax Credit awareness initiative, which promotes savings and financial confidence. Clients in low- to moderate-income communities grew their savings and IRA balances by 9% and 15%, respectively, from May through December—a great example of purposeful growth. But we know we can do more. Guided by our purpose, we’ve been reinventing a new checking account experience that aligns with our clients’ needs, which we believe will provide more flexibility, lower costs, and increased financial confidence. Truist One Banking will be our new differentiated and disruptive suite of checking solutions that redefines everyday banking and accelerates the journey toward purposeful growth. We expect this alternative suite of checking solutions will bring more new consumers into mainstream banking. Truist One will have zero overdraft fees, a simple $100 negative balance buffer, and a deposit-based credit line of up to $750. These features will help clients manage their liquidity needs far more cost-effectively than alternative solutions. In addition, we’re eliminating a host of overdraft-related fees for other accounts in the coming months. Long-term, Truist One Banking will increase client acquisition, enhance deposit growth, improve our overall client experience, and be a win-win for all our stakeholders. Overdraft-related revenue will decline by approximately $300 million annually by 2024, but given the diversity of our business model, our ongoing efficiency opportunities, and the ability to create new client growth from a differentiated and purpose-driven value proposition, Truist is much better positioned to absorb this loss of revenue than either heritage company alone. As I indicated earlier, we view all the elements of ESG as an opportunity to improve our company and fulfill our purpose, and our progress has been swift and significant. During the past two years, in an effort to increase transparency and accountability, we’ve produced our first two ESG reports and our inaugural Supplier Diversity and Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) reports. In those reports, we outlined our commitment to significantly reducing our emissions, supporting and partnering with our clients in their transition to a more carbon-neutral economy, advancing DEI, and supporting financial inclusion. At Truist, in order to fully support our purpose of inspiring and building better lives and communities, we must move forward on climate change opportunities. As such, we announced a new goal to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050. The net-zero goal builds on the 2030 emission reduction targets we previously announced, specifically to reduce direct and indirect operational emissions by 35%. But more importantly, our goal is to support our communities in this transition, building on our strong legacy of partnering closely with clients to help advance beneficial transitions. We’ll accelerate financing of sustainable investments in renewables, which is an area that Truist teammates already have been working in successfully for years. We’re adding new teammates to business lines, including new managing directors focused on energy transition and renewable energy within Truist Securities and specialists within our Commercial Community Bank and Corporate and Investment Bank. They will partner across industry sectors to help our clients drive their sustainable innovation, transition, and growth plans. Pillar 2: We’re better together and building an exceptional company Being purpose-driven is by no means the only way Truist separates itself from other financial institutions. We have many other advantages, starting with our size. Truist fills a “sweet spot” between smaller regional banks and larger global competitors. As the nation’s seventh-largest bank, we’re big enough to offer a full range of capabilities, generate meaningful capital— that can be used to drive innovation—and invest in organic and inorganic growth. At the same time, Truist is small enough to follow and leverage our community bank model, offering the personalized, localized experience and service that comes when decisions are made closer to the client. We have an enviable market position across our core retail, commercial, and wealth businesses. Our markets, focused in the Southeast and mid-Atlantic, are some of the best in the United States, and they’re projected to grow faster than the rest of the country in coming years. We have a leading deposit market share in those markets, relative to our peers and their footprints, and we’re confident that will help us grow faster—and stronger—over time. Our unique business mix also separates us from the pack. Truist offers a range of services, products, and capabilities usually found at only the biggest banks. The merger played a key role in improving the diversity of our business mix and our loan portfolio, creating more capacity and opportunity for growth. Our merger started with the principle that 2+2=5. Together, we are more than the sum of our parts. The formula applies to teammates as well: People working together create exponential results. We call this Integrated Relationship Management, or IRM. It’s the idea that, when we bring the breadth of Truist’s capabilities to clients in a seamless and integrated manner, our clients win. We’ve seen good early results, most notably in delivering capital markets capabilities to commercial banking clients and growing opportunities in insurance and wealth, but the potential far exceeds what we’ve realized. IRM is the manifestation of purposeful growth. Pillar 3: We’re investing in the future One of the key drivers of the Truist merger was the increased need to invest in digital, and the pace of change is even faster today than it was in 2018, when we first contemplated the merger. U.S. consumer fintech adoption has exploded, increasing from 58% in 2020 to 88% in 2021.2 Fintech companies have been incredible at creating excellent client experiences, and their successes should be lauded. However, we’re not standing still. With our more modern best-of-both technology stack, our focus on client experience (through journey rooms and data), and our agile mindset, we’re looking to get faster ourselves—with the added ability to deliver a comprehensive set of advice, solutions, and tools for our clients. This is how we launched the Truist value proposition: Touch + Technology = Trust. T3, as we call it, aims to seamlessly integrate the industry-leading personal touch that we’ve long been known for with innovative technology, yielding our most valuable asset: the trust of our clients. Our first step has been to integrate our systems and modernize them. The integration journey we’ve been on since the merger closed will result in best-of-both systems that we can continue to modernize through APIs, open banking, and a more flexible foundation and architecture. However, our primary focus on integration has not prevented us from executing our strategy to improve the client experience or hindered our agility while merging. One great example is in commercial lending, where the combination of our nCino front end (heritage SunTrust) and AFS Vision back end (heritage BB&T) helped us create a best-in-class lending ecosystem, resulting in better transparency, communication, and speed. We introduced innovative solutions like AI-driven insights, robo-advising and Truist OneView. As indicated earlier, we launched the Truist Mobile app throughout 2021 using our “digital straddle” strategy. We started with a teammate pilot in March and by the end of 2021 had 9 million clients with access to the app. Truist digital banking is a great example of co-creating experiences with clients and iterating rapidly to respond to client feedback, ultimately resulting in the right long-term consumer digital foundation for Truist. At the end of 2021, we opened our state-of-the-art Innovation & Technology Center in the heart of our Charlotte headquarters (featured on Pages 25 – 26). It’s a springboard for, and physical manifestation of, innovation across our entire company, one that will help us reimagine client experiences. Teammates from business units throughout Truist will partner directly with clients, innovators, digital product managers, designers, engineers, fintech firms, partner vendors, and many others to develop new ways to empower our clients. Another example of investment for the long term is Truist Ventures, our venture capital division launched in 2020 with a focus on strategic partnerships and investments to create novel solutions for Truist clients. We’re partnering with and investing in innovative companies, focusing not just on fintech but also on adjacent, disruptive technologies that will help us shape the future of the industry and, once again, grow in a purposeful way. Our prior investment in nCino is a great example of early investment and partnership, resulting in better experiences for our clients and value creation for our shareholders. We’re also enabling convenient commerce for businesses and consumers. We’ve had a head start in this space with Sheffield (point-of-sale financing for power equipment, power sports, and trailers) and LightStream (direct-to-consumer digital lending for any purpose), both of which have grown rapidly during the past 10 years. We strengthened our position in convenient commerce by acquiring Service Finance, a leading national provider of point-of-sale financing solutions for the home improvement industry and a strong partner to Truist for many years, as part of our continued digital evolution. Service Finance is another excellent example of how we view ESG as an opportunity: we help our clients with projects to reduce their energy costs through upgraded, energy-efficient HVAC units, new windows, roofs, and solar panels, and we do our small part in sustaining the planet. Pillar 4: We’re well positioned to deliver leading financial performance Our performance in 2021 gives me confidence that once we eliminate merger-related costs in 2022, we have the potential to deliver strong profitability in the top quartile of our peer group. Adjusted ROATCE was 22% and our adjusted Efficiency Ratio was 56.7%, both of which would have ranked in the Top 2 of our 11-bank peer group. These metrics exclude merger-related costs and incremental operating expenses related to the merger, and I acknowledge those costs have dampened our GAAP profitability relative to our potential. That said, we’ve been successful in taking core costs out, and we closed 2021 on target, with more than $1 billion in annualized cost savings. By the end of 2022, merger-related costs will end and our cost savings will be fully realized, resulting in a less complex narrative, improved earnings quality, and more capital—music to our collective ears. We also have many ways we can reimagine what we do day in and day out to create efficiency and invest in better client experiences. In 2021 we empowered our teammates to create an expansive list of opportunities to cut costs, generate revenue, and improve processes, and we’ve approved more than 1,000. Our teammates have displayed incredible insight into the inner workings of Truist, and our goal is to shift this from a one-time exercise to a continuing mindset, creating ongoing fuel for investments as well as improved client and teammate experiences, ultimately leading to better long-term purposeful growth. We’ll now focus on implementing these ideas given our largest conversions are done. Strong profitability on its own, though, will not generate sustainable shareholder value. Growth also matters. We’ve done well, through the challenges of the merger, to keep pace with our peers, but we have the potential to generate stronger purposeful growth as our focus shifts from integration efforts to fully capitalizing on our markets, our differentiated business mix, and our ability to generate meaningful revenue synergies. I could not be more excited about the opportunity we have to fulfill Truist’s incredible potential, particularly as we transition from integration to executional excellence and growth. Looking into 2022, our financial formula will be simple: deliver solid revenue growth, produce positive operating leverage, eliminate merger-related costs, and deploy capital. Longer term, the potential of Truist is to combine strong profitability and strong growth, ultimately delivering sustainable and differentiated shareholder returns, underpinned by our purpose-driven culture and our strong capital and risk foundation. Demonstrating care: a different kind of bank We believe care is the best method for defining not only what we do every day, but how. Our company is built on a foundation that everyone and every moment matters. We have countless opportunities every day to express our Caring value to our clients, in our communities, and with one another. Those daily acts are the building blocks of purpose. We plan to demonstrate how we hold ourselves accountable to care by unveiling care metrics and the Truist care promise. And we’re busy developing new products, including Truist One Banking, that will show our care for clients, many of whom have traditionally been underserved. United by care, I would like to conclude where we should all begin—with gratitude. I want to express sincere gratitude to our Truist board of directors for your counsel, guidance, and significant commitment to all of our stakeholders, and for the opportunity to lead this incredible company. In particular, I want to recognize and thank Paul Garcia, who retired from our board in 2021. Your leadership and experience have been critical in creating a new company. To our Executive Leadership team, I sincerely appreciate your intense and unwavering focus on our purpose, clients, and teammates, and our partnership in building something epic—these will be the defining years of our careers. Thank you to Kelly King, who retired in 2021 as CEO after an extraordinary and unparalleled 50-year career in banking. Kelly, your leadership has been inspirational for so many, and I appreciate the enduring, positive impact you have had on our clients, teammates, communities, shareholders—and myself. You led Truist through the largest merger in over a decade and a pandemic, establishing the cultural foundation needed for generational success. Finally, I would like to thank our more than 50,000 purpose-driven teammates. The past two years have likely been the hardest in your careers, given the merger, the pandemic, civil unrest, and maybe a new job, new team, or new city. But in that challenge you have likely also experienced tremendous personal and professional growth. I’m immensely grateful for everything you have done and how you have done it—by living our values of Trustworthy, Caring, One Team, Success, and Happiness. I am proud to be part of this team, and together, we are committed to Truist’s purposeful growth.

Bill Rogers 

CEO
