DEAR FELLOW MEMBERS, 

Throughout an unprecedented year of social, emotional and physical challenges, I am pleased to share that USAA remained strong and continued to serve members in 2020 with relevant advice and competitive banking and insurance products. I hope you’ll review the details of this annual report to learn more about how your association stood by members and our employees through one of the toughest periods in recent history. 

While last year may be remembered most for COVID-19, the global pandemic shared headlines with economic, social and political unrest, as well as record-breaking weather-related disasters in our country. This was our time to serve members. Seventy-one catastrophes affected 45 states last year. Members filed 80% more claims than in 2019 as a result of wildfires, hurricanes and the strongest wind and rain to hit the Midwest in 22 years. In 2020, we paid out more than $2 billion to cover those catastrophe claims, more than twice the losses paid the previous year. Restoring hope and helping members rebuild their financial security after a loss are important ways that USAA’s passionate workforce brings our mission to life. We also rely on our association’s financial strength, built through decades of diligent management. Despite the challenges of 2020, USAA’s net worth grew by 14% to $40 billion, and our assets increased by 15% to $200 billion. Because of this resilience we were able to return more than $3 billion to members in distributions, dividends, and bank rebates and rewards – a 28% increase over 2019. And we supported more than one million members with special offers of assistance during last year’s uncertainty and financial strains.

The changes brought about by the pandemic accelerated technology enhancements already under way to serve you better. We are modernizing our systems, processes and how we work to serve you, with more competitively priced products and improved digital capabilities to speed up claims and make mobile banking even easier. We’re doing all this while improving the excellent service you expect and deserve from USAA. Serving you well today, tomorrow and long into our second century is a legacy we are determined and proud to carry forward. I am confident that 2021 will be a year of recovery for our country and the global economy. USAA is committed to doing our part by supporting the military community and members like you while uplifting the communities where we live and work. We know you have a choice in financial providers, and we’re so glad you chose membership in USAA. Our dedicated employees work every day to earn your trust, because serving members is our purpose, our passion and our privilege.



Wayne Peacock

President and Chief Executive Officer
