As I write this letter reflecting on 2021, it is difficult to describe what we have all been through and the extent to which COVID-19 has impacted the world. Over 400 million people have been infected with the virus, almost 6 million people have died, and so many others have been impacted in different ways. At the same time, we are learning to coexist with COVID-19. We now have multiple vaccines and a clearer understanding of how to protect ourselves from infection. Wells Fargo has used its strength to provide support through this crisis to our employees, customers, and communities, and we will continue to do so. We recognize that the pandemic has left many people in need, and that those needs haven’t gone away. As a company, we will continue to provide support to a diverse set of stakeholders over the long term. Alongside these eff orts, the work we have been doing to transform Wells Fargo has made us an even stronger company than we were a year ago. It has put us in a position to support a broad set of stakeholders, and it has positively impacted our results. While we still have much more to do, our foundation is stronger, our business is more focused, we are driving cultural change, the talent and management process changes we have made are making a positive impact, and our financial performance is stronger.

Financial performance 

The work we have been doing to improve our financial profile is beginning to impact our results. In 2021, Wells Fargo generated $21.5 billion in net income, or $4.95 per common share. This included a $5.7 billion reduction in the allowance for credit losses which improved earnings by $1.05 per common share. Our revenue increased 6% from the previous year, with lower net interest income more than offset by growth in noninterest income. We benefited from strong gains in our affiliated venture capital and private equity businesses and gains from the sales of our student lending, asset management, and corporate trust businesses, which we do not expect to repeat in 2022. But we also had broad-based revenue growth across our businesses, including in Home Lending, Consumer & Small Business Banking, credit cards, Auto lending, Commercial Real Estate, investment banking, and Wealth & Investment Management. Expenses declined 7% from a year ago, reflecting lower operating losses and progress on our efficiency initiatives – and this is while we added to our investments to strengthen our risk and control infrastructure and made other investments to build out new products and capabilities for our customers. Credit quality improved significantly as we saw strong economic growth and our customers had high levels of liquidity. Our net charge-off rate declined from 35 basis points in 2020 to 18 basis points in 2021, and, as noted above, our allowance for credit losses declined by $5.7 billion. Loans outstanding increased 1% from a year ago. Loans declined in the first half of the year but grew 5% in the second half, with growth in both our consumer and commercial portfolios. Average deposits in 2021 grew $61.8 billion, or 4%, from a year ago as declines in commercial deposits, driven by our actions to remain under the asset cap, were more than offset by growth in consumer deposits. We also returned a significant amount of capital to our shareholders, $16.9 billion in total. We increased our quarterly common stock dividend from $0.10 per share to $0.20 per share in the third quarter and then to $0.25 in the first quarter of 2022. In total, we returned $2.4 billion through common stock dividends in 2021 and repurchased $14.5 billion of common stock, predominantly in the second half of 2021, after the return to the stress capital buffer framework. Our return on equity was 12.0% and our return on tangible common equity (ROTCE) was 14.3%, which is close to our stated goal of about 15% over time¹. Excluding the reduction in the allowance for credit losses in 2021, ROTCE would have been 11.2%². In addition, we had several other items which benefited our results, such as very strong equity gains, extremely low charge-off rates, and the gains on sales of certain businesses, and some which reduced our results, such as a fine we received from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) in September 2021, which I write more about below. Overall, our analysis shows that we had more benefits than reductions last year, and our ROTCE on a run rate basis was still below our goal of 10%. We said at the beginning of 2021 that we see a clear path to achieving a sustainable 10% ROTCE, and we believe we will achieve that, subject to the same assumptions we’ve discussed in the past, on a run rate basis at some point in 2022. We have also said that after achieving this, we will target approximately 15% sustainable ROTCE. We continue to believe that our franchise is capable of producing significantly higher returns, and we remain focused on achieving them while continuing to invest in our infrastructure and in our capabilities to serve our customers.

The strong economy continues to positively impact our customers and our results 

Consumers’ financial position remained strong throughout the pandemic. While median deposit balances declined during the second half of 2021, after Economic Impact Payments ended, consumers continued to have more liquidity than prior to the pandemic, with median balances at the end of the year 26% higher than pre-pandemic levels. Consumer credit card spend continued to be strong, with general purpose credit card spending up 27% in 2021 compared with 2020 and up 17% from pre-COVID 2019 levels. The spending categories most impacted by COVID in 2020 – travel, fuel, and entertainment – all rebounded by more than 50% in 2021. Across all sectors, travel was the only one that was still down from 2019 levels; however, travel spending improved throughout 2021 and nearly doubled from 2020 levels. Consumer debit card spend also continued to be strong, with spending up 20% compared with 2020 and up 28% from 2019 levels. All spending categories increased in 2021, except for a modest decline in food and drug. Discretionary spending on retail goods continued to be strong relative to both 2020 and 2019 as customer liquidity levels remained high. While loan demand was weak early in the year, loans grew 5% in the second half with growth in both our consumer and commercial portfolios. We saw strong growth in auto and also had strong loan growth in Corporate & Investment Banking, with loans up 16% from a year ago. 

We have made significant progress over the past two years 

I’ve been at the company for a little over two years and believe we are a very different company today than when I arrived. Though we have much more to do, overall, I feel great about what we’ve accomplished in an incredibly difficult operating environment. I think about our areas of progress along several dimensions:

Risk, control, and regulatory

Talent and leadership

Financial and strategic progress

ESG and company reputation

Customer centricity

Risk, control, and regulatory 

We began a process two years ago to change the culture and priorities of the company. The most significant part of this was prioritizing the development and implementation of an appropriate risk and control framework across the company. Our approach to managing this is entirely different than when I arrived, and I believe we are making significant progress. We are laser-focused on meeting our own expectations and those of our regulators. We work to have clear plans in place and clear owners for each regulatory deliverable we have. We have detailed reporting on how we’re progressing on those plans. We review this reporting weekly at the Operating Committee. Our executives are expected to be actively engaged in the details and are accountable for getting the work done properly and timely. Our ability to identify risk and control issues has also improved from two years ago. We have reached numerous regulatory milestones over the past year. These include:

The OCC’s January 2021 termination of a 2015 consent order related to the company’s Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money Laundering (BSA/AML) compliance program

The September 2021 expiration of a Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) consent order issued in 2016 regarding the bank’s retail sales practices

The OCC’s January 2022 termination of a consent order issued in June 2015 regarding add-on products that the company sold to retail banking customers before 2015 

Despite reaching these milestones, we still have much more work to do. We need to implement the many plans we have developed, some of which contain several years’ worth of work, and also demonstrate their sustainability. We have multiple checkpoints along the way before we turn the completed work over to our regulators for their review. All of this takes time. An additional complexity is the number of issues and consent orders we are working through simultaneously, which translates into both a high volume of work and a high amount of interdependencies across multiple streams of work. We strive to complete the work accurately and timely, and while we continue to improve our execution, we don’t always meet all of our goals. The reality is that while I feel good about our progress since I joined the company, many of the consent orders that remain open have been outstanding for too long. Wells Fargo has been too slow in building and implementing appropriate risk and control frameworks, and the company has been too slow in addressing legacy issues. As a result, in September 2021, the OCC assessed a fine and imposed a new consent order related to loss mitigation activities in our Home Lending business and insufficient progress in addressing requirements under a consent order the agency issued to us in 2018. Until our broad book of risk, control and regulatory work is complete, we remain at risk for setbacks. Having said that, I remain confident in our ability to continue to close our remaining gaps over the next several years. We are committed to completing the work, and I believe that the quality of the talent we now have and the processes we now have in place will enable us to get the work done.

Talent and leadership 

We have a new management team running Wells Fargo. Since I joined Wells Fargo in 2019, 11 of 16 Operating Committee members are new to the company. Additionally, well over half of the senior most people at our company, meaning those who are one level below the Operating Committee, are new to their roles, and a significant proportion of them were hired from outside the company. This is a dramatic change in our leadership and to the group of people responsible for driving the cultural and process changes required for our transformation. We have recruited highly qualified people with experience in their areas of expertise and have promoted talented leaders within Wells Fargo. We’ve also significantly changed how we run the company. We have regular detailed business reviews, we prioritize resources across the entire company, and we ensure that we differentiate the performance of our people, rewarding strong performers and coaching those who need to improve. We expect people to prioritize what’s right for our customers, we value execution, and we embrace direct conversations that push us to improve. We celebrate our success but focus on what we can do to improve. 

Financial and strategic progress 

After a strategic review in 2020 that resulted in the sale or reductions of several of our businesses, we are making progress increasing the earnings power of the company and have begun to invest in a more holistic and aggressive way to drive stronger organic growth in all of our businesses. We are just now beginning to bring to market differentiated products and services. The number of significant opportunities ahead is exciting, but we are only at the beginning of building the culture necessary to transform how we compete in today’s world. I can’t say it enough – job one has been and will continue to be building and implementing an appropriate risk and control infrastructure across the company, embedding changes in our culture, and doing the work with urgency. But we are also investing in our strategic positioning. Though our market shares remain strong, we have been slow in improving and expanding our capabilities to compete with the best banks and non-banks across all of our businesses. This is changing. All of our lines of business have significant opportunities to meaningfully grow, and we are investing in long-term plans to move our franchise forward. There is more competition than ever before, but I continue to feel great about our competitive position and energized about the opportunities in front of us. 

Consumer digital 

An example is our consumer mobile platform. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we announced a rebuilt mobile banking experience for Consumer & Small Business customers, and we began rolling it out in the first quarter of 2022. It has a new, modern look and feel and a simpler user experience that will help our customers more easily accomplish their banking needs. Though digital adoption has been increasing – in the fourth quarter our customers logged in 1.6 billion times using a mobile device, up 7% year over year, and teller transactions remained more than 30% lower than pre pandemic levels – we believe that an improved platform can drive significantly higher digital adoption from our customers. We also announced that later this year we will be adding an all-new virtual assistant – named “Fargo” – to our mobile app. Customers will be able to get answers to their everyday banking questions and ask Fargo to complete a task for them. Fargo will also provide personalized insights and recommendations to help customers better manage their finances. We also introduced the first phase of the redesign of our public website early this year. In addition, we are beginning to become more active in creating new digital solutions on the wholesale side of our business. For example, we announced that we are collaborating with HSBC to optimize the settlement of foreign exchange transactions through a blockchain based solution, which will reduce settlement risks and associated costs.

Cards and payments 

We are approaching payments and credit cards very differently. We believe credit cards will remain important as both a credit and payment vehicle and are investing in our capabilities. We are also doing additional work around non-card payments and believe we must succeed here to be a key financial services provider. Two years ago, our credit card products and capabilities were not as competitive as necessary. In 2021, we launched two new credit card products, including Active CashSM, which has been referred to as the best cash back card in the marketplace, and ReflectSM, which rewards customers for on-time payments. We improved the core credit card experience, including investing in advertising, simplifying our digital application, and enhancing our underwriting and customer service. These eff orts have driven an increase in digital card activation and enrollment in paperless statements and alerts. We are opening approximately twice as many accounts as we were before launching these products, and importantly, we are not competing on credit. In fact, the credit quality of applications and accounts we are now booking is consistently stronger than what we were booking prior to launch. Away from card, we are investing in digital payments across the platform, enhancing our capabilities, increasing limits, and broadly reducing the friction in moving money. As evidence, Zelle momentum continued to accelerate in 2021, with Zelle transactions up 56% year over year, and Zelle dollar volume up 66%. In the fourth quarter alone, Zelle dollar volume increased 12% from the prior quarter. 

Consumer Banking and Lending and Wealth & Investment Management 

We have one of the strongest consumer franchises in the largest consumer financial services market in the world. The strength of the franchise is still incredible when you consider the stresses that the past several years have placed on the industry and our company. 

Consumer Banking and Lending 

We serve approximately 64 million consumer banking and lending customers, and our bank branch footprint remains a competitive advantage. We have nearly 4,800 retail bank branches, with a presence in 25 of the largest 30 markets in the U.S.³ A Wells Fargo branch or ATM is within 2 miles of over half of U.S. Census households and small businesses in our footprint. In parallel, as consumers increasingly shift their banking transactions to digital channels, in 2021 we had 33 million digital active customers, up 3% from 2020, and we had 27.3 million mobile active users, up 5% from 2020. Full year 2021 average deposits in Consumer Banking and Lending totaled $834.7 billion, up from $722.1 billion a year earlier. For full year 2021, we had $471.5 billion in debit card purchase volume, up 20% from $391.9 billion in 2020, and 9.8 billion debit card purchase transactions, up 12% from 8.8 billion in 2020. In our Home Lending businesses, we had $205 billion in total originations in 2021, down from $222.7 billion in 2020, driven by an increase in rates and a drop in application volume. Credit card point-of-sale volume was $102.5 billion in 2021, up 26% from $81.6 billion in 2020, in part driven by the launch of our new credit card products. We originated $33.9 billion in auto loans in 2021, up 49% from $22.8 billion in 2020. While auto loan originations have benefited from enhancements we’re making to our capabilities, we continue to be cautious about the increase in vehicle prices over the last year or so and have maintained our underwriting standards. 

Wealth & Investment Management (WIM) 

Our WIM business has over 12,300 advisors who serve 2.8 million clients. At the end of 2021, total client assets reached a record $2.2 trillion, up 9% from $2.0 trillion in 2020, primarily due to higher market valuations. We have worked over the past year to simplify our go-to-market strategy within WIM and are investing in our independent and digital channels to complement our existing capabilities. Those efforts will continue into 2022. Taking a step back and looking broadly across our consumer businesses, we have been focused for several years in consumer banking and lending on remediating sales practices issues. This has been a must. But we have been slow to develop new products, segment our customer base, and develop tailored offerings for each. We still have great opportunity to drive digital adoption to further our efforts to become more efficient and target different customers. And we have significant opportunities to integrate our consumer businesses across our wealth, consumer lending, and payments offerings. Our belief is that we have the key ingredients to compete and be the primary provider for financial services for the consumer. Being the primary provider for payments is critical for the mass consumer base, and our deposit, lending and investment products round out our offerings. For the more affluent, our wealth and lending capabilities are critical, and deposits and payments round out those offerings. How we deliver these capabilities is critical – in our branches, on our mobile app, on our native browser, via telephone, and in person. Our capabilities have to be differentiated by customer segment. We have the resources to take this integrated approach, and to build the best consumer platform – but to do this we need to work across our individual consumer businesses, which we have not always done historically. The boundaries between our lines of business are necessary to bring relevant expertise to bear, but these boundaries are artificial and cannot stand in the way of making us approach the customer holistically. Like most banks, we have historically delivered our products and services based on how we were organized – not how the customer has wanted to work with us. This is changing and will allow us to compete differently than we have in the past. 

Commercial Banking and Corporate & Investment Banking (CIB) 

We manage Commercial Banking and Corporate & Investment Banking as separate lines of business, but they offer many of the same products and should share capabilities with common platforms. Here too we are looking past artificial boundaries. We are combining Treasury Services platforms, and we are working with commercial clients to offer CIB products such as foreign exchange, interest rate swaps, access to public markets, and M&A advisory services. We have great market positions in both lines of business and have meaningful opportunities to grow. In Commercial Banking, we serve three core segments: emerging middle-market, middle market and mid-corporate companies. We have over 5,000 bankers and a presence in 49 of the largest 50 markets in the country⁴. Commercial Banking total loans were $190.3 billion at the end of 2021. Deposit growth in Commercial Banking was strong, with average deposits of $197.3 billion in 2021, up 10% from $178.9 billion in the prior year. CIB has been a core part of the company for many years. We have been, and will remain, disciplined in where we compete, and we continue to grow our business not by changing our risk profile, but by leveraging our core relationships and delivering the entire enterprise to these clients. In 2021, this approach led to growth in banking revenue, up 4% year over year (YoY) to $5.1 billion, primarily driven by higher advisory and debt origination fees, as well as higher loan balances. Broadly speaking, we continue to be focused on leveraging our balance sheet commitments to drive relationships, diversifying our business mix in Capital Markets, and continuing to grow our Commercial Real Estate (CRE) business. Our CRE business is the largest commercial real estate lender in the U.S., and its 2021 revenue was up 10% YoY, to nearly $4 billion. As we look to grow our business across both Commercial Banking and CIB, we are focused on digital, including building out our digital platforms on both the front and back ends. This extends beyond combining our two Treasury Services platforms. It includes a payments modernization program for financial institution clients, as well as Integrated Receivables, which we launched last year to simplify payment and remittance data capture, re-association and invoice matching. We are also focused on increasing investment banking revenue from Middle Market clients. 

Technology 

At the heart of our ability to compete over the long term will be a different approach to technology. We think about this along two dimensions. First is creating a platform-based, API-driven architecture that enables similar banking services to be used across different products. Instead of building large applications as we have in the past, this API-driven architecture relies on a nimble set of smaller applications that provide common features and customer data across products and services. It’s a “once built, many times consumed” approach. This won’t happen all at once, but we have a clear path ahead. Over time, our presence will evolve to this model, improving customer experience and allowing us to get new products and services to market more quickly. As a foundation to this, our Digital Infrastructure Strategy, which we announced in 2021, articulates our approach to moving toward cloud-enabled applications, initially using both public and private cloud solutions and also migrating to a set of modern data centers that will host our private cloud platforms. Second is a technology-first approach to our businesses. This is a material change from our approach today. We compete with fintech companies where engineers who understand products also design solutions for customers. Wells Fargo, like many other banks, often develops a solution and then asks engineers to build it. We are moving toward an agile approach to development to bring our teams much closer and speed up timelines to get to market. All of this is good progress, but it’s not enough. As I’ve said before, we need to move from an approach where technology aids our business to where technology drives our business. This is a tough journey, but without it, we significantly reduce our chances of success. 

ESG and company reputation 

We believe that for us to be successful as a company, we must consider a broad set of stakeholders in our decisions and actions, beyond shareholders. This is not in lieu of shareholders – in fact we believe it will enhance our returns to shareholders over time. Our history has shown this to be true. Consumers and businesses want to do business with a company that has a strong reputation. A strong reputation is achieved not just from strong financial performance, but from actively supporting employees, customers, and communities – especially those most in need. We have supported our employees consistently through the pandemic, which I wrote about at some length in my letter to you last year. In November 2021, we announced that as part of our commitment to providing comprehensive benefits and competitive pay to our employees, we would provide supplemental pay from October 2021 to the end of January 2022 to eligible branch employees in active status, in recognition of their contributions during the pandemic. We also announced an increase in U.S. minimum hourly pay levels to a range of $18-22, based on role, location, and market conditions. Over a five-year time period, from 2017-2021, we increased average wages for U.S. hourly employees by nearly 25%. Over the same time period, we increased our investment in U.S. employee benefits by over 20%. 

We have also undertaken significant eff orts to support consumers and small businesses since the beginning of the pandemic. We supported the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) by funding roughly 280,000 loans totaling approximately $14 billion, working with clients of all sizes to provide flexibility and assistance where needed. In addition, we extended forbearance options for over 1 million mortgage customers since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic. After the CARES Act was signed into law, the government paid fees to those who administered PPP loans. Our belief was that these funds were best used to help small businesses stay open and support employment during the pandemic – not to support our bank. COVID-19 caused a crisis in our communities, not a financial crisis, and we were happy to use our resources to support PPP without fee compensation in 2020. In July 2020, we announced Open for Business, a $420 million fund we created with the gross processing fees we would have earned from processing PPP loans we funded in 2020. We created Open for Business to give back to communities, particularly small businesses, with a focus on those in underserved areas. Wells Fargo has worked with Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs) and local nonprofits across the nation to distribute funding, and to ensure funding occurs at a highly local level. While our work on PPP focused on smaller small businesses most in need, we needed partners to access the broadest set of small businesses in need to facilitate our Open for Business program. We fulfilled our Open for Business commitment in 2021, donating $420 million to organizations that support small businesses during both 2020 and 2021. Our total philanthropic giving in 2021, including both Open for Business dollars and Wells Fargo Foundation giving, was $615 million.

Climate change is one of the most urgent environmental and social issues of our time, and we have a role to play working with our clients to transform their businesses to carbon friendly models. Last year we announced our goal to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions, including financed emissions, by 2050. We also increased our sustainable finance commitment to $500 billion between 2021 and 2030. In May 2021, we issued our fi rst sustainability bond, raising $1 billion in capital to support housing affordability, socioeconomic advancement and empowerment, and renewable energy. We expect to announce our first interim financed emissions targets for the oil and gas, and power sectors later this year. This work is bigger than any one company, and we will work across companies and industries as we progress. In the fourth quarter of 2021, we joined the Net-Zero Banking Alliance, an industry-led leadership group designed to foster collaboration and support banks in aligning their financing with the goal of achieving net-zero greenhouse gas emissions. Finally, we recognize that affordable housing continues to be one of the top needs in our country. As a company, we use our resources to support affordable, multifamily housing in the U.S., in addition to acting as an active lender for affordable rental housing developments. We remain committed to supporting our customers with homeownership. In 2021, we helped over 585,000 homeowners with new low-rate loans to either purchase a home or refinance an existing mortgage. We also closed $2.2 billion in new commitments for affordable housing under the government sponsored enterprise (GSE) and Federal Housing Administration (FHA) programs. As part of our NeighborhoodLIFT program, we committed to invest $5 million to help more than 300 low and moderate-income residents in Houston with home down payment assistance.

Customer centricity 

We believe that we must be customer centric in how we approach our products and services. Our work to advance our digital and mobile presence, to take an agile approach to product development, and to rethink our technology infrastructure are examples of how we’re working to improve the customer experience. Being customer-centric is not only about customer experience, though. It’s more fundamentally about how we price and deliver for our customers and meet their financial needs. In January 2022, we announced new efforts that will roll out over the course of the year to help our consumer customers avoid overdraft fees and cover short-term cash needs. We are eliminating transfer fees for customers enrolled in Overdraft Protection, eliminating non-sufficient funds fees, giving early access to direct deposit by providing customers access to funds up to two days before a customer’s scheduled deposit, and adding a 24-hour grace period for customers who overdraw their account to cover the balance before incurring an overdraft fee. In addition, this year we will introduce a new short-term credit product for customers to meet personal financial needs. These changes build on services that Wells Fargo had introduced previously. Clear Access Banking, which we introduced in September 2020, is a consumer bank account that charges no overdraft fees. It now has over 1.1 million outstanding customer accounts. Overdraft Rewind, which was introduced in 2017, automatically reverses overdraft fees when a covering direct deposit is received by the next morning. The service will be replaced with the 24-hour grace period I mentioned above. Wells Fargo also sends more than 1.3 million balance alerts every day to help customers avoid overdrafts. Putting all of our changes in perspective, these fees are down significantly since the financial crisis. We have alternatives for both customers that do not want overdraft protection and those that do. This is a competitive marketplace, and we continue to review our capabilities and pricing with the goal of providing value to our customers. Our Office of Consumer Practices, an internal, consumer-focused advisory group that we launched in January 2021, is involved in this work, and plays an important role in helping ensure our products, services, and business practices are fair and transparent.

Competition and what it means for us 

Our competition is stronger than ever. We compete against some outstanding banks of all sizes. We compete with younger non-banks that have specialized in one part of our business, many of which have moved on to compete more broadly. We also compete with non-banks that have significant market capitalizations, and big tech continues to expand its reach into the financial services profit pool. So why do I feel so excited to be at Wells Fargo? Simply put, our capabilities allow us to serve consumers and companies with better products at a better value than most anyone else.

But we won’t win by running the company as we have for the past few decades. If we don’t change how we approach our customers, our company will go through a process of slow and steady decline. Others have approached the customer differently and are competing more effectively. For too long, Wells Fargo has: 

Allowed others to build their businesses off of years and years of our investments. These include companies that have built payments technology and services using bank-developed and supported ACH, credit cards, and debit cards. 

Developed products that are designed around how we are organized, not how the customer wants to be served by us. For instance, our deposit, lending, investment, and payments products have not historically been on an integrated platform.

Not created user interfaces that are competitive with the best experiences in the marketplace. 

In addition, there is a perception that banks do not innovate so regulation should allow these smaller technology focused companies to compete without being subject to the same oversight as regulated banks. While others have done well, I still believe that the game is ours to lose. Our customer relationships are extremely valuable, and we remain in a great position to continue to be their primary financial services provider, but we must approach their needs differently. We’ve begun to do that, and I’ve referenced some of these changes earlier in this letter. But there’s more to do. 

As we look forward 

Our game plan remains the same: build a strong risk and control infrastructure appropriate for a company of our size and complexity, run a disciplined business with talented people who remain excited by what Wells Fargo does for its employees, customers and communities, invest for the long term but continue to improve our financial performance each year, and realign our business with a technology-first and true customer-centric viewpoint. We are unwavering in our commitment to build a strong risk and control foundation. We are committed to invest what’s necessary and continue to do this work with the sense of urgency necessary for our most important priority. But we also remain cognizant that we still have a multiyear effort to satisfy our regulatory requirements – with setbacks likely to continue along the way – and will continue our work to put exposures related to our historical practices behind us. We will continue to embrace our responsibility to our employees, customers and communities. I commented earlier that we believe we will achieve a sustainable 10% ROTCE – subject to the same assumptions we’ve discussed in the past – on a run rate basis at some point this year, and that once we’ve achieved this goal, we will discuss our plan to continue to increase returns. But at a high level, we continue to believe we can further improve our returns through a combination of factors including: a modest increase in interest rates or a further steepening of the curve, ongoing progress on incremental efficiency initiatives, a small impact from returns on growth-related investments in our businesses, continued execution on our risk, regulatory and control priorities, and moderate balance-sheet growth once the asset cap is lifted. It’s important to note that we currently have the ability to grow loans, even under the asset cap, though our ability to add deposits is limited. The changes we’ve made to the company and continued strong economic growth prospects make us feel good about how we are positioned entering 2022, and even better about our longer-term prospects. Although there remain significant geopolitical and economic risks in the short- and midterm, we will continue to move forward with a goal to rebuild Wells Fargo to be amongst the best and most respected financial institutions in the country. I want to conclude by thanking everyone at Wells Fargo who continued to serve our customers, each other, and our communities through another challenging year. I appreciate their hard work and their resiliency while we made progress on making Wells Fargo better. I look forward to all that we will accomplish in the year ahead. 

I remain incredibly optimistic about our future.



Charles W. Scharf

CEO and President
