To Our Friends, 

Thank you for your interest in our enterprise. After a great start in 2020, we were hopeful that the momentum from 2019 (absolutely our best year ever) would propel us well into the year. Then, in March, COVID-19 hit the world and everything changed. World financial markets were ravaged by the pandemic as entire economies around the globe shut down. Financial values were routed. We, too, were hit as the uncertainties we faced weighed heavily on all of our businesses. In response, the U.S. government poured billions of stimulus dollars into Americans' hands and asked them to spend it. The U.S. financial markets snapped back and later in the year reached new heights. Nevertheless, many businesses pared back their employees and worked with skeleton crews as a new phenomenon, “work from home,” took hold. This was possible for larger businesses because of the tremendous use of new technologies, but smaller businesses struggled. The dynamics of work changed dramatically. The first quarter of 2020 was very difficult. Despite the uncertainties, Western & Southern Financial Group did what it needed to do to weather the storm, and results improved considerably as the year progressed. In fact, we achieved our best quarter ever in the fourth quarter. By year-end, our balance sheet was in the best shape ever with record net worth, and our income statement had bounced back, though it was still below 2019. Much of the positive performance can be attributed to our incredible corporate culture, which we have been developing over the last 30 years. We want it to permeate all facets of our organization as it fosters an environment of trust and value. Over the last 30 years, we have strategically invested in businesses, distribution systems, innovation, technology and talent to position ourselves for growth as a more diversified financial services provider. During this time, we started or purchased a number of businesses that expanded our offerings. Two years ago, Western & Southern welcomed Gerber Life Insurance Company into our family of companies. It is considered one of the industry leaders in the U.S. digital life insurance business. 2020 was a banner year for the digital-direct business, and Gerber Life now accounts for approximately 20% of our revenue and 32% of our new life and health business, almost half of which is purchased online. Our direct-to-consumer channel was strong through COVID-19, with sales up 28% year over year. In addition to Gerber Life’s success, in 2020 we experienced record whole life sales and robust annuity sales through our registered investment advisor channel. Our investment management and mutual fund businesses also performed well, serving a growing number of customers and achieving record-breaking sales and assets under management. We are the second largest issuer of immediate annuities,1 the seventh largest writer of whole life2 and a leader in the underserved middle-income life insurance market. We are among the financially strongest life insurance groups in the world, with an industry-leading capital-to-asset position of 19.7%. The state of our business has never been better. The financial services industry is consolidating, and we intend to be a leader in the process. While we are concerned about the things we cannot control, like certain government regulations and policies, taxes, low interest rates, inflation and foreign relations, we are striving to ensure our success no matter what the future holds. We believe in our people and are grateful to them for how they managed through the year. They recognize the importance of what we do for our clients. We greatly appreciate your continued confidence in our company and look forward to serving you for generations to come. 

Sincerely,

John F. Barrett 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
