Dear Stockholders, 2021 was an exceptional year for ABM, highlighted by strong financial performance and significant progress on multiple strategic fronts. Throughout the year, our global team continued to execute at the highest level, successfully navigating through a dynamic environment with agility, resiliency, and dedication to serve our clients, while at the same time, adapting to ever-changing COVID-19 protocols and advancing our brand and competitive positioning in our served markets. During 2021 we generated revenue of $6.2 billion, up 4% from 2020. Income from continuing operations (and net income) was $126.3 million, representing a significant increase over the prior year, while adjusted income from continuing operations* increased 49% to $243.3 million. Adjusted EBITDA* margin expanded to a record 7.3%, up 130 basis points from 2020, and significantly higher than our pre-COVID-19 pandemic level. 2021 also marked 56th consecutive year in which we’ve paid a dividend, continuing our long-standing history. We are proud of our financial performance which illustrates the resiliency of our business and the growing importance of the services we provide across a wide landscape of commercial facilities. Our strong results were largely driven by increased demand for our proprietary EnhancedClean™ services which we developed in 2020 specifically to address the evolving needs of our clients as they continue to manage through the COVID-19 pandemic. Revenue growth was also bolstered by a higher volume of work orders in all our Industry Groups and by our acquisition of Able Services (“Able”). EBITDA and margin growth were the product of higher revenues and a more favorable service mix, leveraged by our ability to gain efficiencies through the strategic deployment of labor. Further, we produced full year organic revenue growth in all our Industry Groups, apart from Aviation, which has been the most impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. That being said, Aviation grew strongly in the second half of 2021 as commercial air traffic meaningfully rebounded. Business & Industry (“B&I”) benefitted from new contract wins, continued client demand for work orders and strong growth in our distribution center end-markets. While office occupancy trended higher in 2021, office occupancy levels remain low by historical standards. Education and Technology & Manufacturing (“T&M”) both grew solidly in 2021, with Education benefitting from a broad-based return to classroom learning, while T&M markets moved in-line with a generally improved industrial economy. Lastly, Technical Solutions posted mid-single digit revenue growth, reflecting our fast-growing e-mobility business and improved access to client sites. I am really excited about the prospects of our e-mobility business, which has a multi-year growth path in front of it driven by the ongoing transition to Electric Vehicles, which should be accelerated by the recent passage of the federal infrastructure bill which included $7.5 billion toward deploying EV charging stations nationwide. We are extremely well-positioned as one of the largest EV charging station installers in the nation. We also made great progress on the strategic front in 2021 with the $830 million acquisition of Able, a leading facilities services provider, which we completed in September. Able, with approximately $1.1 billion in annualized revenue in 2021, substantially expands our geographic footprint, broadens our capabilities, and increases our scale. Able derives roughly 60% of its revenue from engineering and technical services and 40% from janitorial services, strongly complementing our existing B&I business and helping us be a more comprehensive service provider with our combined clients. Beyond that, the acquisition will assist in helping us achieve our strategic growth objectives as we build upon our offerings to include integrated facilities services and multi-service bundles to our core clients. We also finalized our new 5-year strategic plan which was introduced at our Investor Day in December 2021. Our ELEVATE plan was developed from our vast leanings during the COVID19 pandemic as well as our unique view and understanding of market trends. ELEVATE is a multiyear comprehensive investment initiative intended to enhance our use of advanced data and analytics to capture incremental growth and profit opportunities arising from macro shifts in demographics, rapidly changing workplace dynamics and the heightened need for increased corporate sustainability. At its core, ELEVATE includes strategic investments in revenue growth initiatives, team member development, workforce management and digital transformation. Able is a great example of a revenue growth initiative and a critical component of our overall Elevate strategy. In all, we believe these investments will accelerate our organic growth, strengthen profitability, and create a more rewarding experience for both clients and team members. I am looking forward to sharing the progress of our ELEVATE program with you over the coming quarters. I was also pleased with the progress reported in our most recent Corporate Sustainability Report. This report emphasizes our ongoing commitment to a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace, as well as our obligation to minimize our impact on the environment and to do business in a responsible way. Our purpose – to take care of the people, spaces and places that are important to you – is more significant now than it has ever been and continues to drive many of the decisions we make across the organization. I encourage you to learn more about our efforts by reading our Corporate Sustainability Report on our website, abm.com. We are entering 2022 from a position of strength, supported by a healthy balance sheet, solid cash flow and favorable growth trends across our business. We continue to support our clients by providing high-value services and solutions that have enabled them to navigate unprecedented challenges over the past couple of years. And with the recent acquisition of Able and the ELEVATE initiative, we have positioned ABM for sustained success. In short, I am excited about the direction in which we are heading and for ABM’s future. I want to thank our more than 100,000 team members for their amazing contributions in 2021. It was not an easy year by any stretch, but their unwavering commitment and dedication to our clients and our Company enabled us to not only weather the continuing storms of the COVID-19 pandemic, but also to rise above these challenges to deliver truly exceptional performance for all our stakeholders. Thank you for your continued interest and strong support of ABM. 

Scott Salmirs 

President and Chief Executive Officer
