Dear Stockholders, 

When I last reported to you a year ago, we were closely monitoring the spread of COVID-19 and what 2020 had in store for us. Now, as we enter 2021, I can look back and say I have never been prouder of our team than after seeing how they rose to meet the challenges we faced together over the past year. 

2020 Performance and Accomplishments 

Before I report on our many achievements in 2020, it is important to acknowledge how the pandemic has affected our 39,000 colleagues around the globe. We lost team members to COVID-19, and many of us have lost friends and family members as well. There have been very real economic, emotional and psychological impacts of the virus and the lockdowns that have been necessary to combat it. Throughout the year, as the virus first appeared and then spread, we worked to keep our workplaces healthy, our communities resilient, and our global food chain strong. We dramatically expanded our IT infrastructure to allow non-production colleagues to work safely from home, while simultaneously supporting our frontline teams, who continued coming to our production facilities every day. We worked with the University of Illinois on new saliva-based COVID-19 testing capabilities. And we offered financial and other support to colleagues and communities in need. Now, we are focused on helping our team members get vaccinated to protect ourselves and those around us, and accelerate a return to normalcy. Amid all of these challenges, our team delivered for our company and our customers. One of the keys to our identity is that ADM takes on the world’s toughest challenges. That became quite literally true in 2020. Together, we adapted and innovated to provide nutrition around the world, and in doing so, we delivered:

Record adjusted EPS of $3.59

12% higher adjusted operating profit than 2019

Four straight quarters of year-over-year adjusted operating profit growth

More than $600 million in earnings improvements from strategic initiatives and actions

Strong balance sheet and cash flows 

Each one of our business units contributed to our record year:

Full-year operating profit for Ag Services & Oilseeds was $2.1 billion, 9 percent higher than 2019. Around the globe, AS&O achieved multiple volume and profit records, including all-time high global crush volumes. The business delivered more than $300 million in capital reduction initiatives, and advanced initiatives to further enhance growth and returns, from digital technologies like our GrainBridge joint venture, to differentiated products and services that add shared value for growers, customers and ADM.

Our Carbohydrate Solutions team showed in 2020 how we’ve embedded great execution into our operational structure and culture. The team moved quickly to meet customer needs for retail flour, industrial starches for cardboard and USP-grade alcohol for hand sanitizer. They acted decisively by temporarily idling production at our two Vantage Corn Processors dry mill plants. And the wheat milling business’s modernization and optimization plan — including our new, state-of-the-art mill in Mendota — helped power a significant year-over-year improvement for that business. So, despite the impact of lockdowns on both driving miles and the food service sector, Carbohydrate Solutions delivered full-year operating profit results of $717 million — 11 percent higher than 2019.

The Nutrition segment continued on a strong growth trajectory. The team did a great job harvesting investments and utilizing new technologies to partner with customers to bring innovative new products and solutions to market in 2020. We exceeded our Neovia integration synergy targets and delivered them ahead of schedule, and we continued to grow our leadership position in key consumer trend areas. As a result, the Nutrition business delivered superb full-year operating profit results of $574 million, 37 percent higher than 2019, while growing revenue 5 percent on a constant currency basis and continuing to expand adjusted EBITDA margins. 

Across the enterprise, our teams did a great job contributing to our ongoing growth in 2020. Even amid the challenging environment, we:

Extended our grain destination marketing capabilities in Asia, Latin America and Europe.

Pivoted to meet e-commerce and packaging needs for industrial starch, leading to record operating profits for starches.

Announced the construction of a new, state-of-the-art production facility in Spain that will dramatically expand our ability to meet growing demand for probiotics and other consumer products to support health and wellness.

Partnered to support innovative nutrition and microbiome startups with investments in Air Protein, Future Meat Technologies, and Seventure’s Health for Life Capital Fund II.

Entered into an agreement with InnovaFeed that will result in the construction of the largest insect protein facility in the world in Decatur, Illinois.

Signed a long-term agreement with Japanese startup Spiber Inc. to produce corn-based polymers that can be used in apparel, lightweight auto parts, high-performance foams and more, meeting a critical need in the marketplace for consumer and industrial products that come from sustainable sources.

Continued to expand our leadership position in the fast-growing plant-based protein market with the launch of PlantPlus Foods, a joint venture with Marfrig that will offer a variety of plant-based food products for customers and consumers across North and South America. 

We also continued to transform how we do our work every day. 

I’m proud to say we surpassed our stretch goal of $1.3 billion in Readiness run-rate benefits by the end of the year. Readiness continues to encompass and support our entire company. It drives the strategic imperatives that help us fulfill our purpose; it powers growth initiatives; and it has significantly enhanced our resilience and agility, which helped us continue to serve customers and keep our operations running through fast-changing environments in 2020. Our new organizational structures and business processes — like our Centers of Excellence (CoEs) and our 1ADM business transformation project — are helping drive better decision-making and operational excellence. In just one example, we used our enhanced processes and tools to pilot changes at a Nutrition facility that are on track to unlock a 20-plus percent increase in production capacity at that location. This has already resulted in enhancements in customer service, and all without needing additional capital investment. We’ll be rolling these kinds of initiatives out to other locations as we continue to advance our Sales & Order Planning CoE. And most importantly, the work we did in 2020 continued to advance our purpose: To unlock the power of nature to enrich the quality of life. In early 2020, there were news articles about the risk of global food flows grinding to a stop. But our 39,000 ADM colleagues never stopped innovating, growing, imagining and solving to ensure we lived up to our purpose, and our work helped to keep the global food supply chain strong and provide nutrition around the globe. Our purpose also encompasses our work to support our planet and its natural resources. Sustainability continues to grow as a key driver of consumer decisions and business success, and ADM is playing a leading role in enhancing the transparency of global supply chains, reducing the environmental impact of agricultural and food production, and accelerating the transition to a low-carbon economy for our industry. In 2015, we introduced our first comprehensive no-deforestation policy, and after achieving some impressive objectives, this year we announced an updated policy with aggressive new goals: By the end of 2022, ADM expects to achieve full traceability throughout both its direct and indirect soy supply chains in Brazil, Paraguay and Argentina. And I’m proud to say that by 2030, we aim to have deforestation-free supply chains around the globe. We’re also advancing ambitious goals to reduce the environmental impact of our processing operations: We achieved our 15x20 objectives ahead of schedule and in 2020, we were proud to launch Strive 35, an even more ambitious plan to further reduce our greenhouse gas emissions, energy, water and waste by 2035. We’re working with growers in our supply chains to implement practices aimed at reducing environmental impact and improving farm resiliency; in 2020, we surpassed 6.5 million acres that we’ve supported through sustainable farming programs over recent years. We’re meeting customer needs by expanding our industry-leading array of bio-based foods and materials. And our charitable efforts, through ADM Cares, are supporting producers and rural communities, particularly in the face of the challenges of COVID-19. We’re proud to have continued to receive recognition for our proactive citizenship efforts. Earlier this year, we were once again named to Fortune magazine’s “World’s Most Admired Companies” – our 13th consecutive year on this prestigious list. For the second year in a row, we’ve been included in S&P Global’s Sustainability Yearbook, and named by Ethisphere as one of the world’s most ethical companies. 3BL Media named ADM to its annual 100 Best Corporate Citizens ranking, recognizing outstanding environmental, social and governance (ESG) transparency and performance among the 1,000 largest U.S. public companies. And finally, we are continuing to dramatically expand our leadership role in diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I). Profiles in Diversity Journal honored us as one of 18 companies to receive the magazine’s first annual Diversity Team Award in 2020, and we were selected as a finalist in the Diversity & Inclusion category of the Reuters Responsible Business Awards. Such honors are important recognitions of the work we’ve done and are continuing to do in this business-critical area. In terms of external leadership, we joined Women in Food & Agriculture in 2020, and I was particularly proud to see ADM leaders taking visible roles in a variety of high-profile discussions on inclusion issues in our industry and beyond. Perhaps our most important ongoing work in DE&I, however, is internal: ADM’s ongoing success is predicated on our continuing commitment to fostering an innovative, diverse team and a culture in which all voices are heard and respected. We’re proud of the work we’re doing here, and committed to continuing to do more, including advancing our commitment to achieve gender parity within our senior leadership structure by 2030.

Safety

Health and safety took on a new face in 2020. As COVID-19 spread, our teams moved quickly and effectively to take actions to change how we work and protect our workforce from the virus. Those efforts showed innovation, ingenuity and dedication, and we are proud of our team’s response. Protection of our working environment from COVID-19 will remain a priority throughout 2021, and we are making a concerted effort to work with our colleagues and stakeholders to encourage and accelerate vaccinations. We will also continue a laser focus on workplace safety, an area in which we were not fully satisfied in 2020. There can be nothing more important than ensuring our colleagues return home safe and healthy at the end of every day and every shift. We’ll be focusing on several key initiatives for safety improvement in 2021, including in the areas of control of hazardous energy/machine access, engagement, near-miss reporting, training and dust hazard analysis. 

2021 and Beyond 

Since we first laid out our growth strategy in 2014, we’ve built on our legacy and transformed ADM, with new products, new processes, and new commitments. We’ve created a strong foundation, and now we’re going to add to it to power more growth and success in the years to come. Today, ADM is poised to lead in three megatrends: food security, health and wellness, and sustainability. While we have already demonstrated our ability to deliver innovative solutions to address these trends, there is more we will do. As we look forward to 2021 and beyond, each of our businesses will contribute to our continued growth:

Ag Services & Oilseeds is rolling out new digital technologies, like our GrainBridge and Covantis joint ventures, and differentiated products and services, in order to continue to lead the industry, sustainably source products worldwide, and grow earnings and strengthen returns.

Our Carbohydrate Solutions team is continuing to optimize their asset and product mix to offer new, exciting and sustainable solutions for customers in high-demand markets like biosolutions.

In Nutrition, we’ll continue to expand our leadership position in key consumer growth trend areas, harvest our recent investments, and partner with customers to bring innovative, environmentally sound new products and solutions to market.

And across the enterprise, we will continue to enhance our technologies, processes and organizational structures to ensure efficiency and operational excellence.

I’m proud of the work our team has done, and I’d like to thank them for their great performance. When I look back at 2020, and ahead toward 2021 and beyond, I see a company that is delivering on its promise to customers, its commitment to shareholders, and its noble purpose. We have transformed ADM, expanding on a 119-year legacy so that today we do more, and we do it better, than ever before. Today, ADM is one of the world’s leading nutrition companies; a premier health and wellness provider; a pioneer in renewable solutions; and an unparalleled global food supply chain manager. Thanks to those changes, and to our team’s continued great performance, we excelled in 2020, and more importantly, we have built the foundation for steady, sustainable earnings and returns growth in the coming years. Our best days are yet to come. 

Sincerely yours,



Juan Luciano

Chairman, CEO and President
