Dear Stockholders:

As we begin the new year, I want to especially thank and congratulate our people for all that we have accomplished together throughout fiscal 2021. Without the contributions and dedication of our global teams, we would not have accomplished what was an outstanding year. While the effects of COVID-19 continued to impact our lives and business, we remained agile and stayed focused on keeping our people safe and enabling them to be successful. Against this backdrop, I could not be prouder of how we have supported one another throughout 2021 to collaborate and deliver for our clients, communities and stockholders. We celebrated numerous accomplishments this year that underscore the strength of our firm, including the following highlights: • Our company’s performance exceeded our expectations on every key financial metric for the year. We delivered accelerating organic net service revenue (NSR) growth, set new quarterly and annual records for margins, achieved double-digit earnings growth and had another year of strong free cash flow — all while increasing investments in our teams and innovation. • We launched our Think and Act Globally strategy to ensure we fully leverage collaboration throughout our business to bring the best of AECOM to each of our projects and gain greater market share with our clients. Encouragingly, we are seeing early proof points of success against this strategy with 18% contracted backlog growth in fiscal 2021, as well as 5% growth in total backlog within our design business. • Reflecting our leading position for ESG-related services, we also launched our Sustainable Legacies strategy that integrates four key pillars to embed sustainable development and resilience across our work, improve social outcomes for communities, achieve net zero carbon emissions at AECOM and enhance our governance. • Importantly, we continued to deliver for our clients and for our professionals — our client satisfaction scores achieved a record high in the year and employee engagement across our firm remains strong. In fact, in an employee survey conducted in September, 70% of our employees responded that they would recommend AECOM as a great place to work, far exceeding industry benchmarks. These accomplishments have contributed to our ability to create value for our stockholders. During the year, we repurchased nearly $1 billion of stock, which reduced our shares outstanding by approximately 12%. While our stock price is not the only measure of our success, I am nonetheless pleased to see AECOM set new all-time highs during the year and outperform all major market indices by double digits. As we look ahead, an improved funding environment highlighted by the passing of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act in the U.S. and accelerating global investments in ESGrelated initiatives is increasing demand for AECOM’s technical, advisory and program management capabilities. As a leading Professional Services provider, including being the No. 1 transportation, facilities, and environmental engineering firm, as well as the No. 2 water design firm, as ranked by ENR, we are well positioned to capitalize on key growth opportunities across our markets and to deliver another year of excellent performance in fiscal 2022. Taken together, we made substantial progress in fiscal 2021 and are better positioned than ever for long-term success. On behalf of all our nearly 50,000 professionals, I thank you for your shared commitment to and passion for delivering a better world.

Troy Rudd 

Chief Executive Officer
