When 2020 began, no one predicted that we would be facing the biggest public health crisis in a generation that would change so many aspects of our lives. In early February, as the extent of the COVID-19 pandemic became fully apparent, we started to adjust many of the aspects of how we do business, from remote work to increased safety protocols for our people in the field. We worked tirelessly to keep all of our people safe, support our communities, and most importantly, continue to provide the reliable power on which our customers depend to live their lives. Not only were we able to overcome the challenges of 2020, but we also had one of our most transformational and successful years ever. We were able to meet, or exceed, every goal we set while helping our customers transition to greener, smarter energy solutions. Despite the unprecedented headwinds, we achieved our second Investment Grade credit rating and advanced a number of key transactions and initiatives to reduce our coal exposure to 25% of our total portfolio on a proforma basis.iii We further established AES as a leader and partner of choice, and we achieved Adjusted Earnings Per Share (a non-GAAP financial measure) of $1.44 and Parent Free Cash Flow (a non-GAAP financial measure) of $777 million, exceeding our expectations. Our strong results and outlook for the future led to superior returns, and we ended the year as one of the best performing stocks in our sector with a Total Shareholder Return of 22%. While accomplishing so much during such a difficult year, we also laid the foundation for continued growth and leadership in the industry. We see a tremendous opportunity ahead, stemming from both increased electrification of other sectors and the global transition to lowercarbon sources of energy. With our unique expertise in applying and integrating different technologies based on customer and local market needs and our growing pipeline of projects, we are well-positioned to lead the widespread transformation happening in the energy sector. Our focus on technological and commercial innovation also enables us to play a key role in developing the new solutions that will define the industry. Highlights of our 2020 performance Demonstrating the strength of our business model We have previously shared the steps we’ve taken to increase the resilience of our portfolio and our performance in 2020 validated the strength of our business model. Even in the face of macroeconomic headwinds, including sector-wide decreases in demand, we not only maintained our financial position, we strengthened it. We achieved improvements in our key credit metrics and became a double investment grade company for the first time in our 40-year history. Our strength comes from two factors. The first is an emphasis on long-term contracts with reliable, credit-worthy customers. In 2020, over 85% of our portfolio consisted of utilities or long-term contracted generation, with an average contract life of over 13 years. Our portfolio includes very little volumetric risk, with many of our contracts including take-or-pay provisions. Second, we benefit from a fully diversified business, in terms of geography, technology and commercial structure. When portions of our business experienced headwinds, most notably the US utilities as a result of decreases in demand due to the COVID-19 pandemic and mild weather, other businesses were experiencing more favorable circumstances to offset these impacts. Accelerating growth One of our greatest accomplishments in 2020 was the progress we made together toward our future growth. Despite the challenges of the year, we signed 3 GW of renewables and energy storage Power Purchase Agreements (PPA), more than ever before in our history. These projects will come on-line through 2023 and represent 44% of our backlog. Much of this growth was in the United States, which we see as an increasing portion of our business, but the broad range of projects and markets speaks to our global reach. Similarly, our energy storage business continues to gain momentum with a record number of projects in 2020. Our joint venture with Siemens, Fluence, now has projects in 24 countries or territories and was awarded 785 MW of new projects in 2020. Energy storage plays a critical role in integrating renewables on the grid and enabling the carbon-free energy that customers increasingly demand, and Bloomberg New Energy Finance estimates that the sector could grow over 45% per year between 2020 and 2025. As the top-ranked integrator of energy storage technology, Fluence is well-positioned to benefit from this increasing growth in the sector. iv Another business that is continuing its strong growth trajectory is Uplight, a provider of digital end-to-end customer solutions. Serving 80 electric and gas utilities with access to their 110 million household and business customers, Uplight is one of the largest digital energy efficiency providers. Uplight achieved significant year-over-year growth in annual recurring revenue through the expansion of many of its existing programs and new utility partnerships. In addition to the success of our diverse business lines, our proven ability to seamlessly integrate various technologies and structures to maximize value for our customers is one of AES’ key differentiators. We see increasing customer demand for customized solutions and we have the expertise to compete not just by having the lowest cost but by bringing the best product offerings to market that meet our customers’ most critical energy needs while supporting their business and sustainability goals. Improving for the future At our core, AES’ competitive advantage is a focus on the identification and application of new innovations that connect markets, businesses and organizations of all types to their energy future whether they’re transitioning to cleaner, reliable energy or 100% carbon-free energy. AES has led the sector in deploying energy storage in a broad range of new applications. Our nuanced understanding comes not just from our long history with the technology and considerable scale, but also from the diversity of businesses we have in markets around the globe. In 2020, we inaugurated the world’s first virtual reservoir in Chile with 50 MWh of energy storage alongside our Alto Maipo hydroelectric facility. This project allows the energy storage system to charge when power prices are low, and then discharge in peak hours to provide capacity when it is needed most. Our work has a broader impact than just the markets in which we operate. By systematically identifying new technologies or business lines that can complement and amplify our existing businesses, we’re bringing scalable clean energy solutions to the world. In 2020, we made a strategic investment in 5B, an Australian solar technology innovator whose flagship product is the MAVERICK pre-fabricated solar solution. MAVERICK allows for solar projects to be installed up to three times faster using half the land. This technology allows us to deploy solar in more locations and to a more diverse set of customers by removing common barriers to install solar facilities such as the availability of land and ground penetration. We have already started using this technology with our customers through our businesses in businesses in Panamá and Chile. Focusing on sustainability Underlying all our work is a focus on sustainability that guides our strategic decisions and a goal to lead the industry in all aspects of Environmental, Social and Corporate Governance (ESG). We have always believed in a collaborative approach of working with communities, governments, organizations and investors to continuously move the ball forward. For eight years in a row, we have been listed as one of the World’s Most Ethical companies by Ethisphere Magazine, which is a tremendous source of pride for us. One area of importance for us is mitigating the impacts of climate change. In Chile, we are working extensively with the mining industry to decrease their carbon intensity and are on track to reduce CO2 emissions from the sector by approximately 4.5 million metric tons per year. Fluence and Uplight are working with utilities to enable the integration of more renewables on the grid, increasing the efficiency of existing energy projects. Together, they will reduce the need for new generation, thereby helping utilities to reach their decarbonization goals. Uplight has set an ambitious goal of reducing CO2 emissions for its customers by more than 100 million metric tons over the next five years. Just as we are helping to transform entire industries, we are also setting major goals for our own portfolio. We have one of the most ambitious climate goals in the sector: to achieve portfolio-wide net-zero carbon emissions from electricity sales by 2040 and we are taking near-term steps toward that goal. In 2020, we reduced our generation from coal to 25% of our total generation on a proforma basisv and are on track to reduce our generation from coal to under 10% of our portfolio by 2025. As we embark on the sale or retirement of portions of our coal portfolio, we are also working to promote a just transition for the communities that have been impacted through active engagement with local leaders, communities and unions to foster capacity building and development of new social and economic opportunities. Our purpose at AES is to accelerate the future of energy, together, and we work every day to be even better than we were the day before. As always, thank you for your continued support. We look forward to sharing our successes with you in the years ahead. 

Andrés Gluski

President and Chief Executive Officer
