Dear Stockholders, Alcoa Corporation achieved several milestones in 2021 that made it a transformative year for our Company, which is now in its best financial position since inception in November of 2016. We drove strong profitability, significantly reduced our debt and pension obligations, continued to make progress on improving our portfolio of assets, and generated cash from the sale of non-core assets. Due to the strength of our Company and our positive outlook, we also announced our first cash dividend in the fourth quarter and expanded our share repurchase program. We ended the year with return on equity of 33 percent and a cash balance of $1.9 billion. Today, we are in an enviable position, well positioned for all market cycles and ready to drive value now and into the future, motivated by a clear vision and purpose. Over these past several years, our employees have worked to unleash our collective potential, improving our company commercially, operationally, and financially. We’re now at a pivotal point in our history, uniquely positioned to fill the growing demand for more aluminum-based solutions in a world focused on reducing greenhouse gas emissions. We developed the aluminum industry more than 135 years ago, and we’re now ready to reinvent the aluminum industry for a sustainable future. Creating sustainable value for our business Our consistent focus on delivering on our strategic priorities has helped create a more resilient company. In 2021, our total revenue was up 31 percent on a year-over-year basis to $12.15 billion. Net income was $429 million, an annual record. Adjusted EBITDA excluding special items increased 140 percent to $2.76 billion from $1.15 billion in 2021. We significantly reduced our debt. At December 31, our total debt was $1.8 billion. Our adjusted proportional net debt was $1.1 billion, a $2.3 billion improvement from year-end 2020. We also improved our balance sheet with the annuitization of certain pension liabilities while ensuring payments to pensioners and their beneficiaries continue. We progressed the review of our portfolio of operational assets. At the end of the second year of a five-year program, we have addressed roughly 75 percent of the 1.5 million metric tons of global smelting capacity under review for significant improvement, curtailment, closure, or divestiture. The strength of our business strategy and a solid market put us in a position to announce the restart of 268,000 metric tons per year (mtpy) at the Alumar smelter in Brazil and 19,000 mtpy at Portland Aluminium in Australia. The factors supporting higher aluminum prices represent fundamental, structural changes that we believe will persist over the next decade, supported by demand for sustainable aluminum solutions. Creating sustainable value for our people Safety is always our top priority. We had no workplace fatalities involving employees or contractors in 2021, but we did experience some serious injuries. We must and will remain vigilant with our systems and processes to keep people safe, always working to prevent injuries. We also know how vital an inclusive and diverse culture is to our overall business success, so we continue to strengthen our “everyone culture.” We helped broaden the reach of our global inclusion groups and expanded initiatives to create more opportunity for employees from all backgrounds, including women and underrepresented groups. We are honored to be recognized annually as a leading company for inclusion and diversity through various independent ratings, including Bloomberg’s Equality Index and the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index. We have also been named to Fortune’s Most Admired Companies, and we were named as one of the Best Employers for Diversity by Forbes. Creating sustainable value for our customers and society Aluminum is critical to enabling a low-carbon future given the inherent qualities of the metal, including its light weight, conductivity and infinite recyclability. In 2021, we revealed a technology roadmap that supports our vision to reinvent the aluminum industry for a sustainable future. We also announced an ambition to achieve net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050, including Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. Our technology roadmap—built around the zero-carbon emitting ELYSIS™ joint venture smelting technology, the Refinery of the Future projects, and our ASTRAEA™ metal purification technology—has the potential to reduce carbon in large portions of the aluminum production process and create new opportunities to recycle low-value, post-consumer scrap. Through our Sustana™ brand, we continue to provide solutions to help customers reduce their carbon footprints with the industry’s most comprehensive portfolio of low-carbon products. For example, we announced in 2021 a deal that supplies a mix of low-carbon EcoLum™ metal and ELYSIS aluminum for the wheels on Audi’s flagship e-Tron GT electric sports car. We also continue to strengthen the governance practices around our social initiatives to deliver value to the communities where we operate. We have introduced a rigorous global social management system to further strengthen the social value we bring to the communities where we operate. We continue also to invest in local social and environmental projects that create economic opportunity and protect local biodiversity. Alcoa is ready for a sustainable future It’s a very good time to be in the upstream aluminum business. We expect the aluminum market to remain strong, with continued demand growth across all major end-use sectors. And, given the world’s increased drive to decarbonize global supply chains, we expect the pull for lightweight and low-carbon products to increase further. Alcoa’s future is bright. We are the right company at the right time, one where the industry’s fundamentals are positively changing. There are ever-increasing expectations for excellence in environmental, social and governance standards, and Alcoa’s long history of leadership in these areas has us well positioned now and for the future. We will continue to deliver sustainable value for our investors, customers, communities, and employees. Thank you, as always, for your continued support. 

Sincerely,

Roy C. Harvey 

president and chief executive officer
