To Our Stakeholders,

2021 was a year in which we saw mobile network technology advancements take center stage around the globe. In the U.S., major wireless operators spent over $100 billion acquiring mid-band spectrum that will serve as the backbone for their 5G service offerings. In Europe, wireless carriers began to deploy next generation networks, while across our developing market footprint 4G densification initiatives were in full swing. Against this backdrop, our teams at American Tower were busy working to advance our shared mission of supporting connectivity worldwide. We kicked off the year with the Telxius acquisition, which provides American Tower scaled leadership positions in key European markets as 5G rollouts accelerate and strengthens our presence across existing markets in Latin America. Our Services segment drove record volumes as carriers in the U.S. prepared their networks for nationwide 5G coverage, and in our international markets, we delivered a record number of newly constructed sites, which earned double-digit average initial returns. We then closed out the year with the acquisition of CoreSite, a differentiated, highly interconnected and scaled U.S. data center company, which we believe uniquely positions American Tower to drive more value to our distributed real estate assets as the 5G ecosystem takes shape. Meanwhile, on a consolidated basis, we delivered another year of double-digit growth across our key financial metrics. Consolidated property revenue grew 14.5%, while Adjusted EBITDA1 and Consolidated AFFO per Share1 grew 16.0% and 13.7%, respectively. We complemented this solid growth by distributing nearly $2.4 billion to our stockholders through the continued growth of our dividend, providing compelling stockholder returns in 2021. And as always, we remained committed to a strong investment grade balance sheet and a diverse capital structure, which allowed us the flexibility to fund an unprecedented level of expansion at attractive costs of capital. As we look toward 2022 and beyond, we see a tremendous opportunity to extend our long track record of driving strong growth in an efficient and sustainable manner, while doing our part to be a positive force in the lives of all of our stakeholders. The foundation of this opportunity is centered on our unmatched global portfolio of macro tower assets, which we believe is optimally positioned to benefit from a coming wave of network upgrade investments. At the same time, we see significant potential arising from a developing cloud-based, interconnected and globally distributed digital world that is in the early stages of creation today, and we expect our data center assets and continued focus on platform expansion to greatly enhance our ability to drive additional value to our communications real estate over time. Importantly, we are committed to achieving these ambitions in a sustainable and responsible manner. As an extension of that commitment, we adopted sciencebased targets, or SBTs, which are approved by the Science Based Targets initiative and reflect the goals set forth in the 2015 Paris Agreement and our efforts to help limit future global warming to well below two degrees Celsius. Perhaps our most meaningful opportunity to deliver on these targets comes in the area of power provisioning, where we have been incredibly innovative in our service delivery approach. To date, we’ve deployed approximately $275 million toward energy efficient power solutions, which will remain a priority as we aim to minimize the use of fossil fuels at our sites. Not only do these investments provide compelling returns and help American Tower and its customers meaningfully reduce our overall carbon footprint, but they also enhance operational efficiency at the site level and improve the service we offer our customers, who increasingly strive to run their networks as sustainably as possible. Further, as our business continues to grow in size and reach, we’re more focused than ever on our people and the communities we serve. We’re working to ensure we have the best developed talent globally, while facilitating an inclusive culture where everyone feels they belong. At the core of our enhanced human capital management strategy is an emphasis on attracting, developing and engaging top talent in each of our served markets. As an extension of this commitment, we have introduced a shared human capital management goal for our entire executive staff, which emphasizes talent development, particularly among underrepresented groups. In addition, we have launched a company-wide Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DE&I) resource center for employees and are extending partnerships and financial commitments through our own foundation with organizations recommended by our Social Justice Committee that are aimed at countering systemic racism. I also have the honor of chairing Nareit’s Philanthropy Committee, through which we’ll work to extend access to the REIT industry to underrepresented groups and increase focus on key DE&I issues within the industry. Finally, as we look for additional ways to utilize our global platform to do social good, we’re continuing to make significant strides toward expanding our award-winning Digital Communities program. This initiative has brought connectivity, health care and educational services to thousands of people in economically disadvantaged and underserved areas in a number of our served markets around the globe. In 2021, we reached a significant milestone of building out 200 communities in India, rolled out the program in Peru and Chile, and set an ambitious goal of reaching 2,000 communities globally over the next five years. In Closing, American Tower continues to be a global leader in this new 5G world. As the pandemic continues to shape our daily lives, from the way we work and learn to how we connect with our families, the importance of wireless networks and the critical nature of communications infrastructure to society has never been greater. I’d like to take this opportunity to thank our more than 6,000 employees around the globe for their relentless efforts to position our company for success in an increasingly digital world. As we look ahead, we’re energized by what we see as an extraordinary opportunity to continue to sustainably create significant value for our stakeholders, while playing a positive role in our communities. We appreciate your ongoing support and look forward to continuing to deliver strong performance and returns for many years to come. 

Thomas A. Bartlett 

President & Chief Executive Officer
