To our Shareholders 

In fiscal 2021, AmerisourceBergen advanced its role as a key pillar of pharmaceutical innovation and access as we lived our purpose of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures by supporting our partners, customers, and team members through challenging times. 

As the pandemic persists, the importance of our purpose and role in an evolving healthcare environment has never been more important. We are proud to be able to offer our expertise, capabilities, and infrastructure as part of the solution, from facilitating the national distribution of COVID-19 therapies to supporting the distribution of tens of millions of vaccines to patients in over 30 countries through our expanded global footprint. 

We have leveraged the strength of our business and expertise to become an increasingly vital partner through differentiated solutions for our upstream and downstream customers of all sizes. Our continuous investments have deepened our relationships with all our stakeholders during this time of increased focus on the pharmaceutical supply chain. 

We remain purpose-driven and well positioned to create significant stakeholder value. The AmerisourceBergen team made exceptional progress on our strategic priorities during fiscal 2021, and we will capitalize on that momentum to continue executing and innovating in fiscal 2022.

Creating differentiated value for all our stakeholders 

Driven by our resilience and strength, high level of execution, and exceptional performance across our businesses in fiscal 2021, we grew revenue by 13% to $214 billion and adjusted diluted earnings per share by 17% to $9.26. In addition to strong fundamentals across our business, our results were enhanced by the addition of Alliance Healthcare, growth in our higher margin businesses, and the important work our team has done to support COVID-19 therapy distribution. 

Our Pharmaceutical Distribution Services segment delivered revenue growth of 9%. This segment continued to benefit from our industry-leading customer relationships, our leadership in specialty distribution and commercialization services, and strong end-market trends. Through our long-term relationships, such as our extended and expanded partnership with Walgreens, we are able to provide value-added solutions that further strengthen our ability to lead with market leaders. Our robust suite of specialty distribution capabilities and our deep industry expertise uniquely position us to support our partners; in the U.S., we continue to be a leading distributor of COVID-19 therapies, and internationally, we are playing a role in the distribution of COVID-19 vaccines. 

As pharmaceutical trends continue to evolve, we are proud to leverage our unique capabilities and expertise to support our customers, partners, and the healthcare system overall. From responding to public health challenges to supporting the growth of biosimilars and new pharmaceutical innovations, AmerisourceBergen remains well positioned to facilitate patient access, wherever a prescription is needed. 

Our Alliance Healthcare, Global Commercialization Services and Animal Health businesses delivered strong results in 2021, growing revenue 112% due to strong execution and the June 2021 acquisition of Alliance Healthcare. As global logistics continued to be challenged by the pandemic, World Courier provided its expertise and innovative solutions to manufacturer partners around the world, facilitating the movement of temperature-sensitive and other high-priority shipments. World Courier’s direct-to-patient, in-home clinical trials remained a differentiator as patients and manufacturers sought alternative, lower acuity care sites. Our MWI Animal Health business also experienced strong performance in the companion animal market as pet owners maintained their focus on their pets’ health. In the production animal market, the global need for protein continues. 

Alliance Healthcare has continued to deliver solid performance and meaningfully contributed to our results in the last four months of fiscal 2021 since the early close of the acquisition. Our culturally aligned teams have been working diligently to integrate our operations, conducting deep dives to realize operational and business development synergies and to explore ways to enhance the value we create for our customers and partners. We are excited by the opportunities created from this next evolution of enhancing our ability to provide innovative and global healthcare solutions.

Leadership in global healthcare solutions 

As a leader in pharmaceutical distribution, differentiated by value-added solutions and complementary higher-margin businesses, AmerisourceBergen has built a clear leadership position as a provider of global healthcare solutions. 

We offer a robust portfolio of unique solutions to our upstream partners, including facilitating direct-to-patient clinical trials, offering practical applications of innovative data and analytics capabilities, and helping manufacturers around the world navigate the ever-increasing complexities of global logistics. We also leverage our now expanded portfolio of international relationships, partnerships, and innovations to facilitate patient access to the rapidly evolving landscape of new pharmaceutical technologies. 

Downstream, we remain a key partner for community pharmacies, veterinarians, physician practices, health systems, and more. In community pharmacy, we are particularly proud to support our Good Neighbor Pharmacy members’ trusted role through our innovative tools and programs that allow independent pharmacists to optimize their operations and maximize the time they spend serving their patients and communities. This year, for the fifth year in a row—and for the tenth year of the past twelve years—Good Neighbor Pharmacy Network was ranked highest among brick-and-mortar chain drug store pharmacies by J.D. Power. 

In our animal health business, we support veterinarian practices in similar ways to help them manage their practices as they continue to experience increased demand for their services due to growth in pet ownership, the cherished role of pets within families, and the increased importance placed upon ensuring health and well-being for all family members. 

Our leading portfolio of key anchor customers now includes an expanded and extended relationship with Walgreens, a long-term relationship with Boots in the U.K., and a network of thousands of independent pharmacies across Europe through the Alphega Pharmacy network. Through our strategic partnership model, we form long-lasting relationships with key customers that integrate us into their day-to-day operations, enable us to provide value-added solutions, and further strengthen our ability to lead with market leaders. 

Our ability to support pharmaceutical innovation through a global footprint with broad leadership and local expertise enables us to become the “partner of choice” to both upstream partners and downstream customers through our global and innovative services platform, providing a differentiated value proposition for our all our stakeholders.

Expanding on our leadership in specialty 

Even as we focus on our global and innovative services platform, AmerisourceBergen continues to differentiate ourselves as the leader in specialty distribution in the United States. This year, we launched a variety of new services and solutions, building upon our historic investments to further expand our leadership in specialty and provide enhanced value to our customers and partners. For example, through our ION GPO and other value-added solutions, we formed new partnerships that offer industry leading technologies to Specialty Physician Services’ customer practices, enabling them to be even more efficient while improving the patient experience and ultimately, outcomes. 

Our continued investment in – and focus on – an important part of the pharmaceutical market continues to benefit both AmerisourceBergen and our partners. Our sourcing and commercial teams’ ability to leverage our expertise and data and analytics capabilities have been foundational to our ability to play an important role in providing the specialty distribution solutions for COVID-related treatments. We deliver a clear and differentiated value proposition for our partners in the U.S. healthcare system and continue to focus on building on our strengths in specialty distribution as these capabilities become even more important to all our stakeholders. 

Execution excellence and investing in our business 

As we continue to differentiate our business, we remain focused on being strategic partners to our customers as we help them achieve operational efficiencies and support growth in their businesses through innovative solutions. This means that we embrace advanced technologies, data, and analytics to further support positive outcomes through our global platform. 

In fiscal 2021, AmerisourceBergen received the Industry Leader award at the 2021 SAP Innovation Awards for our work in developing SAP Advanced Track and Trace for Pharmaceuticals. This technology tracks millions of daily shipments at the batch level and further strengthens the pharmaceutical supply chain in the U.S. As a global healthcare company, we understand and appreciate the importance of ensuring our businesses have the technology they need to enable their operations, enhance their capabilities, and support a resilient and sustainable global pharmaceutical supply chain.

Addressing the opioid epidemic 

In July 2021, the distribution industry reached a milestone regarding the proposed settlement agreement to address opioid-related claims of U.S. state attorneys general and political subdivisions in participating states. Throughout the litigation process, AmerisourceBergen has been consistent in stating our desire to address the enormity of the opioid challenge by bringing solutions to the table. If the industry’s proposed agreement and settlement process leads to a final settlement, it would collectively provide thousands of communities across the United States with substantial financial support. 

We take our role in the pharmaceutical supply chain seriously and continue to work closely with stakeholders concerning these complex matters. We will continue to work diligently and alongside partners to combat drug diversion while supporting real solutions to help address the crisis in the communities where we live, work, and serve. 

Focus on corporate stewardship and long-term, sustainable growth 

AmerisourceBergen has a history of successful corporate stewardship that focuses on financial health, our people and culture, and long-term, sustainable value creation. 

In fiscal 2021, we returned $449 million to our shareholders through opportunistic share repurchases and dividends, and invested $438 million in our businesses through capital expenditures. 

We continue to take a thoughtful and strategic approach to capital deployment that focuses on value creation and maintaining financial strength. This includes a focus on maintaining our strong investment-grade credit ratings, and we remain on track to deliver on our commitments to the rating agencies. Notably, our financial and strategic position has allowed us to continue to invest in expanding our capabilities, including through the highly accretive acquisition of Alliance Healthcare. In addition to the positive contribution to our financial results, our new team members are talented and purpose-driven, and I thank the combined AmerisourceBergen and Alliance Healthcare teams for their ongoing support of our integration efforts. 

Our financial strength also enables us to continue to invest in our people and culture. At AmerisourceBergen, we know our team members are our most valuable asset, and we are committed to inspiring them to achieve their fullest potential. Our efforts go well beyond simply offering market-aligned pay, and we understand the long-term advantage of being a fair and equitable employer who offers competitive wages at all levels. We have surveyed our team members to find out what is most valuable to them and have invested in attractive benefit programs such as increased paid parental leave, child and dependent care, and enhanced mental health and wellness programs. Our team members also value a culture of flexibility, and we have responded with a thoughtfully designed new way of working that provides options for flexibility while balancing the need for in-person connection and innovation. 

From ensuring the safety of themselves and their loved ones during the pandemic to investing in world-class learning technology and models, we understand it is critical that our talent is cultivated and empowered to help drive our long-term growth. Our efforts continue to be recognized, with AmerisourceBergen once again named a Great Place to Work company and a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality by the Human Rights Campaign. 

Meaningful value can also be unlocked when individuals are empowered to bring their whole selves to work, and we embrace our collective differences. This year, we furthered our diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts with the rollout of new employee resource groups and new diverse candidate slate objectives. To further align our people strategy with our business strategy, we also introduced a new leadership competency model that will be embedded throughout all of our talent programs. Based on the collective feedback from team members across AmerisourceBergen, the new model focuses on developing leadership competencies aligned to four key business and cultural goals: diversity, equity, and inclusion; collaboration; innovation and executional excellence; and purpose. As the foundation for how we will recruit, engage, and develop our people, this new model and the principles behind it will enable us to create value now and for the long term. 

Another aspect of our culture that helps ensure sustainable value creation is our dedication to operating in a sustainable and responsible manner, and to supporting healthy and resilient communities where we live and work. This year, we are proud to have published our fifth annual Global Sustainability & Corporate Responsibility Report, which aligns with the leading global sustainability frameworks. We also became a member of the SASB Standards Advisory Group, joined the Science Based Targets Initiative, and became a participant of the UN Global Compact, the world’s largest corporate sustainability initiative. 

Our continued progress in areas like ESG; diversity, equity, and inclusion; and strategic planning are made possible by the expert oversight and guidance of our Board, as well as the ability of our management team to drive execution and operational excellence.

Looking ahead 

AmerisourceBergen has made exceptional progress this year on our strategic priorities, further enhancing our differentiated value proposition and driving consistent outperformance. As we continue to capitalize on our positive momentum into fiscal 2022, we remain driven by our purpose. Now powered by 42,000 team members globally, we remain confident in our pharmaceutical-centric strategy and capabilities as a leader in pharmaceutical distribution services and differentiated manufacturer solutions. 

As we continue to drive our business forward, we will maintain our focus on our differentiated and strong customer base, leadership in specialty, commitment to innovation and execution, and focus on corporate stewardship. We are built on a foundation of leadership in pharmaceutical distribution differentiated by complementary higher margin businesses that leverage our pharmaceutical scale and expertise to create unparalleled value for our manufacturer partners and healthcare provider customers. 

AmerisourceBergen is well-positioned to continue to create long-term shareholder value and to deliver on our purpose of being united in our responsibility to create healthier futures. 

Thank you for your support and investment in AmerisourceBergen. 

Sincerely,

Steven H. Collis Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
