Dear Fellow Shareholders:

This year marks my fourteenth year as CEO of Amphenol, and it is no exaggeration to say that the past two years have been both the most challenging and the most fulfilling of my professional career so far. More than two years ago, the world witnessed the emergence of COVID-19. Since that time, the pandemic has impacted virtually every aspect of our business as well as the lives of our employees, our business partners and the people in the communities in which we operate. With the development of life-changing vaccines, the world has recovered some degree of normalcy; however new coronavirus variants continue to cause lockdowns in some communities. During 2021 we also witnessed persistent supply chain disruptions and inflation, the likes of which have not been seen in more than a generation. These difficulties persist to this day. Adding to these challenges, the geopolitical environment remains volatile, in particular with Russia’s invasion of Ukraine causing the tragic loss of thousands of lives as well as untold devastation. Amidst these many challenges, I have been awed by the performance of our extraordinary organization and especially by the strength of the Amphenolian culture, clearly our greatest asset during these most volatile of times. Our teams have navigated through innumerable challenges while at the same time unlocking opportunities that have propelled Amphenol to historically high levels of performance. The core of our success continues to be our unique, entrepreneurial culture, which instills our entire organization with agility, focus, drive and passion, all traits that serve us extremely well in good times and bad. In addition, our trust in local managers to navigate the dynamic environments and unique challenges being faced in their specific geographies has enabled us to outperform the broader market. I am truly proud of the performance of the nearly 90,000 Amphenolians around the world and am confident that they will continue to excel regardless of what comes next. During these unprecedented times, we have focused on two simple but important goals: protecting our people and supporting our customers. From day one of the pandemic, we spared no expense to ensure that our employees could continue to work without risking their own health. We adopted a wide array of protective measures in our factories, we enabled employees to work remotely whenever possible, we encouraged and enabled vaccinations and we supported our communities around the world in their fight against COVID-19. Nevertheless, we were not immune to the tragedies that have touched all of us during this difficult time. Several of our cherished employees lost their lives to the virus and many more of our employees have lost loved ones and friends. The scale of loss around the world is truly staggering, but it reminds us how important our connections are to each other and how critical it is that we protect and support our people and the communities in which we operate. Our efforts to protect our people have also enabled us to consistently support our customers over the last two years. The pandemic has accelerated the electronics revolution, which has long been a key driver of our sustained industryleading growth. As the demand for electronics and the interconnect products that enable them has increased, we have supported our customers in delivering high-technology solutions that meet these needs. There is no question that we are more valued by our customers now than ever before, having supported them unwaveringly during these difficult times. This support included manufacturing critical components for ventilators to treat seriously ill patients, producing sensing systems that ensure vaccines are kept at proper temperatures during their production, storage and distribution, and ramping up capacity of our high-speed and power products to support working, studying and communicating from home. I am enormously proud of the role we have played in helping the world combat the effects of COVID-19. Moreover, we have built a foundation of strength with customers that creates great potential for the future. All of this translated into outstanding financial performance in 2021: • Sales grew by 26% on a reported basis and 18% organically, reaching a record $10.9 billion; • Adjusted Diluted EPS grew by 33% to a record $2.48; • Operating and Free Cash Flow were $1.5 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively; and • We returned more than $1 billion to our shareholders. Even more impressively, over the last two pandemicimpacted years, we grew our sales by 32% on a reported basis and 21% organically, adding more than $2.65 billion in sales. Our EPS performance was equally strong, with Adjusted Diluted EPS growing 33% during this same period, despite significant negative impacts from the pandemic and the recent inflationary and supply chain pressures. We generated $2.5 billion in Free Cash Flow over the past two years and returned nearly $2 billion to shareholders through the $1.3 billion we spent on share buybacks and nearly $650 million in dividends paid. Finally, we used our strong free cash flow to continue our exceptional track record of acquisitions, adding nine new companies to Amphenol in 2020 and 2021 combined. As we exit 2021, our business is stronger than it has ever been, and we are well positioned to accelerate this momentum across all of our end markets. The core of Amphenol’s culture is the General Manager Our entrepreneurial culture and our exceptional people remain the key foundation of our long-term success. At the heart of that culture are our 130 General Managers, who make decisions about their businesses and drive the performance of the Company every single day. Over the past two years, these General Managers and their teams took the multitude of actions necessary to protect the people in their factories, developed innovative new technologies, executed in the face of a wide array of challenges in order to make their products, supported our customers, and ultimately delivered Amphenol’s outstanding results. Having served as an Amphenol General Manager early in my career, I know the hard work and dedication that the job requires. At that time, just over 20 General Managers reported directly to my predecessor, Martin H. Loeffler. As the number of General Managers grew, it became impractical for these General Managers to report directly to the CEO. Accordingly, in order to continue to enable the Company’s growth while preserving our unique entrepreneurial culture, in 2003 we established the first of our global Operating Groups, each headed by Group General Managers. I was one of these first Group General Managers tasked with overseeing and supporting a handful of General Managers. Our Group General Managers continue to this day to focus on developing their group’s strategy, stimulating customer, technology and operational collaboration across their General Managers and devoting significant involvement to the identification and completion of acquisitions, all while ensuring the ongoing development of their people and their organizations. Since the creation of those first Operating Groups, we have grown our sales from approximately $1.5 billion in 2004 to nearly $11 billion in 2021, a more than seven-fold increase. To support our continued long-term growth and the scalability of our unique culture, in January 2022, we took the next step in evolving our organization with the alignment of our now 12 Operating Groups into three newly formed Divisions, each led by a Division President. The creation of our three new Divisions will enable deeper collaboration among our operations, stronger operating discipline, enhanced attention to acquisitions and further development of our extraordinary team. Let me be very clear – nothing about this new alignment changes the critical role of each of our General Managers or their day-to-day jobs. Our General Managers continue to maintain the authority to manage all aspects of their individual operations, while retaining clear and complete accountability. Our unique entrepreneurial culture, embodied by each of our now 130 General Managers, remains the cornerstone of our success and it is my absolute priority as CEO to preserve and maintain this culture while at the same time continuing to ensure Amphenol’s scalability for the future. Driving shareholder value through our acquisition strategy Another great driver of our success has been our outstanding acquisition program. I actually began my career at Amphenol nearly 24 years ago as an intern pursuing strategic acquisitions in Asia. One of the many aspects of my job that I have always loved is meeting new companies and the entrepreneurs who have founded and continue to operate those companies. It is always exciting to hear about the technologies they have developed, the markets they have created and the organizations they have built. Acquisitions have been a key value driver for Amphenol because we use a relatively simple, yet unique approach: when we buy a company, we maintain the people, technology and customers that made that company attractive to us in the first place. Rather than “integrating” the business into Amphenol, we allow them to maintain their own unique identity, while we enable them to reach levels of performance they could not have achieved on their own. As Amphenol General Managers, the leaders of our acquired businesses are given the same authority and accountability to run their businesses as they had prior to joining Amphenol. This unique approach has enabled us to realize great value from our acquired companies, as these businesses benefit from leveraging our customer contacts, our broad array of enabling technologies, our access to low-cost manufacturing, our management know-how and our financial discipline. All of these factors have led our acquisition strategy to be a consistent and significant long-term value creator for Amphenol. In 2021, we added seven truly remarkable companies with their outstanding management teams and unique technology capabilities. The largest of these was the acquisition of MTS Systems, which closed in April. As I noted in my letter last year, MTS was our first public company acquisition and shortly after reaching the agreement to acquire MTS, we announced plans to sell the MTS Test & Simulation business to Illinois Tool Works (NYSE: ITW). The resulting acquisition of the MTS Sensors business is highly complementary to our existing sensor portfolio and allows us to offer our customers an expanded array of innovative sensor and sensor-based products across multiple end markets. We are very pleased with the performance of the MTS Sensors team so far and look forward to great success with them in the future. In December, we completed the sale of the MTS Test & Simulation business and were able to immediately invest those proceeds into the acquisition of Halo Technology, a leading provider of active and passive fiber optic interconnect components. Halo’s high-technology products complement and enhance our existing high-speed and fiber optic interconnect solutions. The addition of Halo creates exciting long-term growth opportunities for Amphenol, particularly as data traffic grows rapidly across all of the communications infrastructure markets. We also added five other wonderful companies last year. In January 2021, we acquired Positronic, a U.S.-based supplier of high-reliability, harsh environment connectors, primarily to the military and commercial aerospace markets. At the same time, we acquired El-Cab, a Poland-based manufacturer of value-added cable assemblies for the industrial market. In April, we acquired Unlimited Services, a U.S.-based supplier of value-added cable assemblies primarily to the industrial market. During 2021 we also added Euromicron, a Germany-based supplier of highly engineered fiber optic interconnect solutions for the communications infrastructure markets as well as Cabelcon, a Denmark-based designer and manufacturer of high-technology connectors and interconnect assemblies for the broadband market. In total, these seven acquisitions representing approximately $830 million in annualized sales brought a broad portfolio of exciting and complementary interconnect and sensor capabilities to our customers, while adding outstanding entrepreneurial management teams to the Amphenol family. Ensuring the long-term sustainability of our business Our people drive everything we do at Amphenol and are the basis for our success and outperformance. A key hallmark of our Amphenolian culture is that our people hold themselves accountable for how their actions impact others, including our customers and suppliers, their fellow Amphenolians and the communities in which we operate. We are committed to the well-being of our global team, which means providing opportunities for our employees to continually develop, learn and improve while also operating in a safe and rewarding environment. Over the past two years, providing a safe environment has been vital, as the vast majority of our nearly 90,000 global employees work in our factories and do not have the option to work from home. We have taken a number of actions to keep our employees safe during the pandemic, including ensuring social distancing in our facilities using novel wearable devices, upgrading building ventilation systems to improve fresh air intake and filtration, providing face masks and offering free unlimited testing in many locations around the world. In order to best protect our employees from the worst outcomes from the COVID-19 virus, we also encouraged and promoted vaccines during 2021, with many of our facilities offering on-site vaccinations. We also understand the importance of protecting and supporting our communities. Amphenol is a global company, but each of our operations is very local, with a management team and workforce that is largely drawn from the surrounding communities. Our culture of entrepreneurship means that our General Managers and their teams are empowered to make decisions about how best to use their own resources to help their communities. We highlight some of these actions and stories in our annual Sustainability Report. Supporting our communities also means taking actions to minimize our impact on the environment. We remain committed to the long-term sustainability of our Company, which means we must continue working to reduce our impact on the planet. As further proof of this commitment, we published our first Environmental Policy in 2021, which provides the framework for our commitments to reduce our environmental footprint. Some of our environmental accomplishments in 2021 include finalizing our water risk analysis of our global manufacturing facilities, adding to our responsible minerals program, committing to increasing our sourcing of renewable energy for our facilities and expanding our screening of our Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions as we work toward increasing the impact of our decarbonization efforts. Valuing the diversity of our business Another key hallmark of Amphenol’s ongoing success and outperformance is the diversity of our customers, our end markets and our geographic footprint. This diversity remains a key competitive advantage for the Company and is an important component of our strategy to mitigate risk. Our diversity ensures that we are exposed to technological innovations wherever they occur across the electronics industry while insulating us from the risk of volatility from any one end market. The same is true for the diversity of our global workforce. We support the fundamental rights of all people and are committed to fostering a culture of equity, inclusion and belonging across our organization. We value and respect differences as we believe diverse perspectives and experiences are the cornerstone of a high-performance organization. The diversity of our workforce mirrors our global diversity. Geographically, our business is both global and diverse, with 61% of our employees located in Asia, 23% in North America and 15% in Europe at the end of 2021. In the U.S., approximately 32% of our workforce is ethnically diverse as reflected in our 2020 EEO-1 filing, which is published on the Sustainability page of our website. Across Amphenol, women continue to represent approximately half of our workforce and 28% of our core management team. Positioned to capitalize on our platform of strength The past two years have been marked by many professional and personal challenges for each of us. Throughout it all, Amphenolians have risen to the challenge, delivering outstanding financial performance and creating a platform of strength for our future growth. This platform of strength is supported by the continued proliferation of electronics across virtually every end market in which we operate. As the world demands ever increasing levels of connectivity and performance, our interconnect solutions are Enabling the Electronics Revolution, and I am confident that our team will be able to capitalize on the many growth opportunities this revolution creates in the future. In particular, our performance has been supported by a number of key long-term growth trends which include: • Clean and Efficient: Environmentally friendly and more power efficient • Connected and Mobile: Always on and available anywhere • High Speed: Increased bandwidth, 5G capable and beyond • Increased Complexity: Multiple connections, interconnect, sensors and antennas • Harsh Environment: Ruggedized for extreme vibration, temperature and pressure As we move forward into our tenth decade as a company, our global position with our customers as well as our scale and capabilities are stronger than ever. I want to thank all of the nearly 90,000 Amphenolians around the world for their dedication, commitment and hard work in 2021. I continue to be humbled and excited to have the privilege of leading such an amazing group of individuals. Without them, we would not have been able to further build on our financial strength, and deliver value to our customers, partners, employees, communities and shareholders. While there will no doubt be further challenges ahead, I remain confident that the Amphenol organization will continue to generate industry-leading performance long into the future.

R. Adam Norwitt 

President and Chief Executive Officer
