Dear Fellow Shareholders, While 2021 was a tumultuous year for the world, ADI worked closely with our customers, invested in impactful innovations, and focused on operational excellence to not just weather the challenges, but accelerate through them. Our efforts to support our customers through supply constraints and inflationary pressures helped to differentiate ADI from our competitors and resulted in increased customer engagement and strong financial results in fiscal 2021. Our investments in high-value applications across automotive, communications, digital healthcare, industrial and more, positioned us well to take advantage of society’s accelerating digitalization and the ongoing evolution of how we work, learn and live our lives. We enter fiscal 2022 with tremendous momentum and look forward to collaborating more closely than ever with our customers and ecosystems on the innovations that will continue humanity’s advancement in 2022 and beyond. Strategic Progress & Fiscal 2021 Results Fiscal 2021 was a remarkable year for ADI, with record operating results. Our success was driven by our industry-leading, high-performance product portfolio and our team’s strong operational execution, which collectively enabled us to meet the increased demand for our products. We delivered $7.3 billion of revenue, adjusted gross margins over 70%, and record adjusted earnings per share. We continued to deliver strong cash generation, with operating cash flow of $2.7 billion and free cash flow of $2.4 billion. Notably, our free cash flow margin is in the top 10% of companies in the S&P 500 and we returned more than $3.7 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. It was also a year of transformation for ADI. To complement our organic efforts, we have selectively used M&A over the years to expand both our scale and scope. The completion of the Maxim Integrated acquisition further builds our comprehensive portfolio of products, enabling us to serve the expanding needs of our customers better than ever before, which we believe better positions ADI to deliver long-term, profitable and sustainable growth. Milestone Acquisition of Maxim Integrated We are hard at work on the integration of Maxim Integrated as we work to further solidify ADI as the strongest and most durable analog franchise on earth. This combination increases the breadth and depth of our best-in-class technology offerings – we now have approximately 75,000 product SKUs, and 80% of these products individually account for less than 0.1% of our total revenue. We believe our portfolio diversity helps to create a high barrier to entry and business model that is both resilient and rich with growth opportunities. The addition of Maxim Integrated positions us to develop and deliver more complete, cutting-edge solutions for our customers. For example, we now have a more comprehensive power management portfolio, where Maxim’s primarily application-focused offerings are highly complementary with ADI’s more general purpose or catalog portfolio. We expect to accelerate growth in our more than $2 billion revenue power management portfolio as there are abundant cross-selling and design support opportunities across all our end markets. More importantly, Maxim Integrated expands our global team of talented employees, including our cadre of brilliant engineering talent, which now stands at 11,000 engineers strong. This increased scale unlocks additional avenues of professional growth for our people, while enabling us to better address the future needs of our customers. Destination for the Best Engineering Talent We recognize the importance of our engineering talent as a key competitive differentiator. Over the last several years, our customers have allocated more of their engineering resources towards software and away from hardware. As a result, they are increasingly relying on us to fill this void and be a close partner in helping them architect complete analog solutions. Our commitment to R&D investment and engineer autonomy is what makes us a destination for the world’s best technologists. At its core, our culture is deeply rooted in solving our customers’ most challenging problems and developing and shaping the growth of our people. Our global team of problem solvers is mentored by the best minds and empowered to imagine the future instead of waiting for it. With that foundation, they’re able to develop breakthrough solutions that impact the world. At the same time, ADI continues to expand our recruitment efforts to attract more diverse talent to our organization. Bringing different perspectives together not only fosters innovation, but it also strengthens bonds between people working towards a united goal and results in improved business outcomes. Our Mission to “Engineer Good” Broadly speaking, we believe our industry-leading portfolio defines the edge of performance, creates successful business outcomes, and inherently delivers environmental and sustainability benefits. With each generation of chip design, we increase energy efficiency, while enhancing the performance of our customers’ systems. For example, in 2021 alone, electric vehicles equipped with ADI’s battery management system (BMS) technologies reduced the amount of carbon dioxide entering the atmosphere by nearly 100 million tons. Beyond making products that enable energy-efficient applications across transportation, communication, healthcare, and more, we are leveraging our expertise to support climate-focused initiatives. In April 2021, we launched the Ocean and Climate Innovation Accelerator (OCIA) consortium with Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. Unleashing the ocean’s potential to address the global climate crisis begins with science-driven knowledge, and our sensors and domain expertise in physical world metrology measurement will be critical to understanding the ocean’s role in climate change. We’re also committed to answering the global call to action to address the world’s environmental degradation and climate change with more sustainable operations. For our part, we’ve set science-based emission reduction targets that ensure our sustainability plans are based on climate science and are independently verified and certified. These include using 100% renewable energy in our legacy ADI manufacturing sites by 2025, as well as achieving carbon neutrality by 2030 and net zero emissions by 2050 or sooner. Thank You In closing, our company remains strong, resilient, and adaptable in a period of tremendous change for our industry. I’ve never been more optimistic about our future in this ubiquitously sensed and connected world given the wide array of secular growth drivers, the breadth and depth of our product and technology portfolio and, critically, our increased ability to reach and fully serve our more-than one hundred thousand customers. I’d like to thank our employees and partners, who worked tirelessly throughout fiscal 2021 to help ADI achieve these historic results. I would also like to thank the Board for their confidence in appointing me as the incoming Chair of the Board, effective as of our Annual Meeting date. I look forward to continuing to work with the Board and management team to take ADI to even greater heights. Lastly, thank you for choosing to invest in ADI and for your continued trust in our Board and management team. 

VINCENT ROCHE 

Chair and Chief Executive Officer
