DEAR SHAREHOLDERS AND FRIENDS, What a difference a year makes! Over the past year, we saw significant global demand and supply chain volatility, which created opportunities in our core agricultural businesses. Our teams executed well in these dynamic markets, and when combined with the actions taken in 2020 to reorganize, simplify our leadership structure, reduce cost, and more fully integrate our operations, led us to a recordbreaking 2021. We are happy to report our 2021 results; evidence that we successfully managed through challenges and seized opportunities in the front of us. Throughout the pandemic, we have operated steadily as an essential business and continue to keep our nearly 2,400 employees safe and healthy. While there were supply chain disruptions across many industries, including inflation in raw materials, supplies, and labor this past year, The Andersons weathered these issues very well and in fact, some of these disruptions caused commercial opportunities. We’ve also embraced new opportunities to be more flexible and efficient in our work. We are grateful to our employees for their dedication throughout these turbulent times. We are extremely pleased with our 2021 operating results, which set several records. We reported 2021 net income from continuing operations attributable to the company of $100 million, or $2.94 per diluted share. Adjusted net income was $98 million or $2.89 per diluted share, our second-best earnings year ever. Our adjusted 2021 earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA) from continuing operations was a record $353 million compared to adjusted 2020 EBITDA of $170 million. During 2021, we made the strategic decision to sell our Rail business. We completed the sale of the rail leasing business in the third quarter and expect to complete the sale of our rail repair business in 2022. These transactions provided cash to reduce debt and fund future growth in our identified strategic agricultural verticals. We also updated our overall strategy and have reaffirmed our core grain and fertilizer businesses, including: • Fixed-asset light growth and M&A in carbon, ag supply extensions, proteins, and propane; • Premium products focused on food and feed ingredients, considering evolving trends of food sustainability factors; • Renewables, including renewable diesel feedstocks and ethanol plant optimization; and, • Organic fertilizers, new product development, and disciplined M&A in our plant nutrient business. As we shift back to growth in an exciting agricultural up cycle, we will continue our disciplined processes around capital allocation. We are focused on investing in and growing businesses that are strategically aligned with our core, have appropriate returns, and are focused on sustainable practices. We will also remain vigilant in monitoring our costs. The Andersons Trade and Processing (ATP) has further integrated their Trade and Renewables businesses in 2021 by making holistic merchandising decisions about commodities that are interdependent, as well as developing a business strategy that contemplates future trends and potential disruptors to our existing businesses. Within ATP, the TRADE segment recorded its secondbest adjusted pretax income in 2021. With the presence of an inverse market in the first half, we executed well, made good commercial merchandising decisions, and earned outstanding elevation margins in many of our profit centers. Harvest results in the core grain assets as well as Louisiana and Idaho were also significantly better than in the recent past. We successfully added an international trading desk in Lausanne, Switzerland, in the third quarter that primarily supplies the Middle East and North Africa, areas that require imported grains to feed their growing populations. We also purchased Capstone Commodities, LLC of Round Rock, Texas, in the fourth quarter, an existing company that merchandises feed ingredients primarily into dairies in the southwest U.S. Both additions extend our existing supply chain strengths and are closely linked to our strategy. Trade gross profit rose by more than 20% and adjusted EBITDA increased nearly 58% from 2020, which was a new record. The RENEWABLES segment had the most significant yearover-year improvement. Our ethanol production facilities were significantly impacted by the pandemic in 2020, when driving demand virtually disappeared in March. With the 2021 growth in ethanol, high feed values, and the return of driving demand, coupled with supply chain disruptions, ethanol crush margins escalated in the fourth quarter. Our plants produced a record 524 million gallons of ethanol in the year. Our share of pretax earnings of $50 million increased nearly $75 million compared to a 2020 loss of $25 million. Contributing to our success in production was healthy earnings from third-party merchandising of ethanol, renewable diesel feedstocks, and feed products. This was the best year for this segment since the very strong ethanol years of 2013 and 2014. We built out our renewable diesel feedstock supply and trading business in 2021. We not only merchandise our own corn oil production but have added other third-party vegetable oils and fats to supply the new Renewable Diesel production plants. The combination of our Rail and Plant Nutrient businesses into The Andersons Nutrient and Industrial business (ANI) brought together logistics and manufacturing under unified leadership. With the decision to sell Rail, the remaining Plant Nutrient segment is focused on the ag supply chain but also performs manufacturing using agricultural inputs for industrial businesses, golf and turf customers as well as contract manufacturing for consumer-packaged goods companies. PLANT NUTRIENT celebrated its best year ever in 2021! We were able to capitalize on an ideal spring planting season along with supply-constrained price increases of key fertilizer inputs. Pretax income more than doubled year over year, as tons sold increased by 6% and EBITDA increased by 54%. As we’ve previously communicated, we have developed internal targets for EBITDA growth and long-term debt to EBITDA. Our strong cash generation in 2021, combined with the sale of the rail leasing business, enabled us to reduce long-term debt in 2021 by more than $320 million, and our long-term debt to EBITDA is now well below our stated goal of less than 2.5x. Our businesses are focused on generating free cash flow, improving returns for our shareholders, as well as growing within our strategic verticals and focusing on sustainable businesses and operations. These businesses return strong cash flow from operations before working capital changes and we will continue to take a disciplined approach to capital spending. As we share this report in the first quarter of 2022, commodity markets are continuing to experience volatility and high prices on geopolitical uncertainty and concerns about growing conditions in various countries. The Russian invasion of Ukraine has sent energy and grain prices soaring. How this conflict plays out in 2022 will have a huge impact to our markets. We expect the high input cost environment and increased demand from renewable diesel to influence growers’ planting intentions. These conditions drive strong elevation margins and considerable volatility, which creates good merchandising opportunities. In addition, we’re seeing excellent results in other products we merchandise such as feed ingredients and propane. While spot ethanol crush margins are seasonally impacted by lower demand in the winter, industry maintenance seasons and spring driving demand should improve margins into the second quarter. The current energy market shock is driving U.S. gasoline prices higher. The outlook for 2022 remains very bright for ethanol coproducts with high demand for corn oil used in renewable diesel production. We expect to continue to grow our renewable diesel feedstock merchandising business which includes materials sourced outside of our five ethanol plants. In addition, traditional and high-protein DDG values remain high, supported by the overall strong grain prices. In our Plant Nutrient business, early orders for our agricultural fertilizers suggest that concerns over input pricing and availability are influencing purchase decisions. Again, the war in Ukraine impacts fertilizer supplies globally. We expect momentum in this business to continue but it could be difficult to have the expansion in 2022 that we experienced in 2021. We are expanding our organic fertilizer offering and anticipate further growth in our industrial and manufactured product lines. As stated previously, we expect to grow but will remain disciplined in capital allocation and stay true to investing within our core. Our balance sheet is strong, and our team is energized to find new opportunities. We are celebrating our 75th anniversary this year and were recently recognized in the Forbes List of America’s Best Midsize Employers. Our people are the source of our success and have executed extremely well in these past few years of volatility. We have expanded our geographic footprint and become a more nimble and innovative company in the North American ag supply chain from our roots in 1947. We look forward to providing extraordinary service to our customers, supporting our suppliers and communities, and rewarding our employees and shareholders for many more years to come. 

Thank you for your continued support,

Pat Bowe 

President and Chief Executive Officer
