DEAR SHAREHOLDERS 2019 was a year of change at Anixter. Financial highlights included our highest top-line growth in eight years, our best year-over-year improvement in gross margin performance in over a decade, significant net income growth, and strong operating cash flow. We embarked on our Innovation and Business Transformation initiative, with a focus on enhancing our customer-facing digital capabilities and creating operational excellence and back-office efficiencies. The changes continued into early 2020, when on January 10, we signed our merger agreement with WESCO International, Inc. This transformational transaction is expected to close sometime in the second or third quarter of 2020. 2019 RESULTS In 2019, we delivered record sales in all businesses, with reported and organic growth in all segments. We had strong growth in North America and the emerging markets, which was partially offset by a decline in our EMEA businesses. Full-year reported growth was 5.3 percent, with organic growth of 5.6 percent, as we experienced headwinds in both copper and foreign exchange compared to 2018. This marks the sixth consecutive year of organic growth and is a testament to the strong value that we provide to customers through our global capabilities, technical expertise and customized and scalable supply chain services. Gross margin improvement was a big success story in 2019, as it increased by 40 basis points over 2018. This improvement was a result of a companywide focus and an investment in our sales and marketing teams to provide them with tools, training and strategies to recover inflationary price pressures through better pricing strategies and pricing execution. These actions resulted in five consecutive quarters of year-over-year improvement in gross margin starting in Q4 2018 and continuing through every quarter in 2019. On the cost side, adjusted operating expenses grew by $66 million, or 5 percent, which included $23 million for our Innovation and Business Transformation initiative and $16 million for the extra week of expenses in our 2019 fiscal calendar. We delivered adjusted net income of $257 million and adjusted earnings per share of $7.48, while generating $228 million cash from operations. Due to this strong cash flow, we reduced our debt-to-capital ratio to 36.3 percent, below our target range of 45 to 50 percent, and debt-toadjusted EBITDA of 2.2x, which is also below our 2.5 to 3.0 leverage target range. Our Network & Security Solutions (“NSS”) business had full-year sales of $4.7 billion, which represented organic growth of 7.8 percent. The fourth quarter of 2019 was the seventh consecutive quarter of organic growth for NSS. The strong results were broad based, with growth in both network infrastructure and security, and success with global accounts in technology and financial verticals, complex supply chain programs with service providers and professional audio/video. Security makes up about 44 percent of NSS sales, and grew 11.3 percent for the year. We saw strong growth in North America and emerging markets, which were partially offset by a slight decline in EMEA. Our Electrical & Electronic Solutions (“EES”) business had full-year sales of $2.4 billion, with organic growth of 1.8 percent. Both copper and currency were headwinds for EES in 2019, as were macro-economic trends in our OEM business and in EMEA. We saw growth in our commercial and industrial business, which was partially offset by a decline in OEM, which was largely due to the global downward trend of the semiconductor market. Growth was especially strong with global and complex EPC and OEM customers. North America had growth which was offset by declines in EMEA and emerging markets. In our Utility Power Solutions (“UPS”) business, we had full-year sales of $1.8 billion, which resulted in 5.4 percent organic growth and represents 12 consecutive quarters of organic growth for this business. Both our investor-owned utilities and public power businesses had growth for the year and the strong results were broad based in each region of the U.S. and in Canada. OUR PEOPLE, CULTURE AND VALUES Our success would not be possible without the 9,000-plus associates across the globe working to provide world-class support to our customers and suppliers. We are proud of our Blue Book culture at Anixter, which has guided our business philosophy and company values for over 60 years. Anixter remains committed to corporate responsibility and promotes responsible business practices at every level of the company. Through our corporate sustainability commitment, we seek to reduce the environmental impacts associated with energy, waste, materials, natural resources and transportation. Please refer to our Corporate Responsibility Report for further information. We continue to support the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact and have integrated these principles into our business. Since joining the Global Compact in January 2012, we continue to successfully maintain our Global Compact active status and highlight the ongoing organizational accomplishments attained within the areas of human rights, labor, environment and anti-corruption in our annual Corporate Responsibility Report. In addition, Anixter is proud to extend our Blue Book culture through Anixter Cares, a program that combines our philanthropic commitment with the desire of our employees to give back to the communities where they work and live. This past year, we again teamed up with organizations, including the American Red Cross, Habitat for Humanity, Bernie’s Book Bank, American Cancer Society, Junior Achievement and American Diabetes Association, to build homes, promote literacy, support people in need and transform lives. LEADERSHIP CHANGES We want to thank Bill Standish, who is retiring in 2020 after a distinguished 36-year career at Anixter, which included his leadership of our global operations team and, more recently, his executive oversight of the Utility Power Solutions business. As part of a long-term succession plan, Steve Dean stepped into this role as executive vice president of the UPS segment on January 6, 2020. WESCO MERGER AGREEMENT As previously mentioned, on January 10, 2020, Anixter and WESCO International, Inc. (“WESCO”) signed a definitive merger agreement unanimously approved by their boards of directors, under which WESCO will acquire Anixter in a transaction valued at approximately $4.5 billion. Under the terms of the agreement, each share of Anixter common stock will be converted into the right to receive $70.00 in cash (subject to increase), 0.2397 shares of WESCO common stock and preferred stock consideration valued at $15.89, based on the value of its liquidation preference. Based on the closing price of WESCO’s common stock on January 10, 2020 and the liquidation preference of the WESCO preferred stock consideration, the total consideration represents approximately $100 per Anixter share, giving effect to the downside protection. Based on the transaction structure and the number of shares of WESCO and Anixter common stock currently outstanding, it is anticipated that WESCO stockholders will own 84 percent and Anixter stockholders will own 16 percent of the combined company. During a special meeting of stockholders held on April 9, 2020, Anixter’s stockholders approved the adoption of the merger agreement. Regulatory approval required in the United States and Mexico for the transaction has been received and the merger remains subject to various customary closing conditions, including receipt of approvals or clearances, or the expiration, termination or waiver of the waiting periods, under the antitrust laws of Canada. CONCLUSION The merger with WESCO came about after a very thorough process to determine the value of our company. It is a recognition of the enormous value created by our talented people over the 60-plus years of our history, Anixter’s deep industry relationships, innovative technology solutions, and global reach. As we close out this chapter in Anixter’s journey, we wish to thank all of our people, our partners and our customers for your support throughout the years. It has been a great journey and a pleasure to be part of such a special company. As we start this new chapter on our journey, we are confident that the combination of these two companies will create new and innovative ways to better serve our partners and customers. As always, we thank our shareholders for your confidence, our suppliers and customers for your partnership, and our employees for your dedication and contributions to our success. 

William A. Galvin 

President and Chief Executive Officer
