Dear Fellow Stockholder, On behalf of our Board of Directors, I invite you to attend our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. We will be conducting our Annual Meeting virtually again this year. If you are not able to attend, we encourage you to vote by proxy. These proxy materials contain detailed information about the matters on which we are asking you to vote. We hope you will read these materials and then vote in accordance with the Board’s recommendations. Your vote is very important to us. Financial Performance. We had another outstanding year in 2021. On a combined basis, our core brokerage and risk management segments produced adjusted revenue1 growth of 13.1% (to $6.9 billion) and adjusted EBITDAC1 growth of 17.2% (to $2.2 billion). We achieved organic revenue growth of 8.6% in our core brokerage and risk management segments, our highest level of organic revenue growth in nearly two decades. We completed acquisitions representing more than $1.0 billion in estimated annualized revenue, including the treaty reinsurance brokerage operations of Willis Towers Watson plc, the largest and most strategic acquisition in our history. It was truly a fantastic year for our franchise, and I am excited about our future. Board Contributions to our Success. Our Board of Directors is comprised of a group of committed and highly qualified individuals who care deeply about our company and bring a diversity of experiences and perspectives to our Board deliberations. In 2021, we added Teresa H. Clarke as a director and member of the Audit Committee, continuing our commitment to board refreshment and diversity. Our directors’ diverse skill sets and independent thought leadership have been invaluable to me and the management team in establishing our long-term business strategy and executing on that strategy. I am grateful to all of our directors for their dedicated service and I encourage you to support each director nominee on this year’s ballot. Commitment to Stockholder Engagement. Our Board values the feedback and insights gained from our engagement with stockholders. During the past year, in addition to our regular discussions with stockholders regarding our financial results, we engaged with stockholders representing more than 50% of shares outstanding on corporate governance, broader environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters, executive compensation, and our proposed long-term incentive plan. We are committed to including our stockholders’ perspectives in our deliberations and we believe that regular communication is necessary in order to ensure thoughtful and informed consideration of evolving best practices in areas of concern for our stockholders. Our Unique Culture. Now, more than ever, I believe that our culture is a true competitive advantage and a key differentiator when recruiting and retaining talent, attracting acquisition partners, retaining our valued clients and winning new business. Our ability to create long-term value for stockholders depends upon our most important asset, our people. As a testament to our people and their commitment to doing business the right way, this past month we were recognized by the Ethisphere Institute for the 11th consecutive year as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies®. Looking Ahead. During the course of 2021, we witnessed improvements in economic conditions, business and consumer confidence, and the financial health of our clients. Clients added exposures and coverages to their existing insurance programs, payrolls and covered lives increased, demand for our benefits consulting services grew, and we experienced growth in new arising claim counts within our claims handling business. Many of these favorable dynamics remain in place today, but there are also challenges, including geopolitical instability (for example, the conflict in Ukraine), inflation, supply chain constraints, rising interest rates, and a tight labor market. These conditions create uncertainty but, as we have done in the past, I believe our team will rise to the occasion and meet the challenges that come our way in 2022. With more than 39,000 colleagues continuing to deliver the very best insurance and risk management advice to clients and prospects, day-in and day-out, I am confident that we are positioned for another outstanding year. On behalf of our Board of Directors, thank you for your continued support. We look forward to welcoming you at our 2022 Annual Meeting.

J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr. 

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
