2021 marked another challenging year. As in 2020, we continued to see both direct and indirect effects from COVID-19 impacting the world, the automotive industry, and our business. Headwinds related to raw materials, component shortages, logistics, and utilities resulted in volatile and lower than expected light vehicle production (LVP). Despite a tough market environment, we continued to respond effectively, keeping the health and safety of our employees as our first priority. Despite continued challenges in the year, our strategic initiatives continue to yield good results and we look to the future with confidence. A strategy built on a strong foundation The company’s strategy builds on an industry-leading position, supported by a continued high order intake and increasing safety content per vehicle. From this strong foundation, Autoliv is providing world-class life-saving solutions for mobility and society while transforming our operations for the new age of electrification and autonomous driving, as well as digitalization and automation throughout the entire value chain. In recent years, we have implemented hundreds of cost efficiency projects, especially in production and supply chain, and we are ahead of the strategic plan we outlined in 2019. In 2021, we reduced our headcount by 11% and our strict cost control will continue into 2022. As part of our footprint optimization, we announced the establishment of a new state-of-the-art production facility in central Japan and the phasing out of two existing plants. The new plant will support Autoliv in achieving our sustainability goals through efficient operations and reduced delivery miles to our customers. Autoliv has showcased our ability to manage a difficult market environment and our progress gives us the confidence to enter a new phase of increased shareholder returns. The Autoliv Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program in November 2021. We also reinstated our quarterly dividend in May and increased the quarterly payment in December. The new industry and societal challenges we have faced in the past few years have not changed our strategic direction. Instead, these challenges have reinforced our commitment to the strategic plan, and our organization continues to move forward. Tailwinds and headwinds Last year was a turbulent year with both direct and indirect COVID-19 effects impacting our business. I am pleased that our operating income was solid, despite headwinds from lower sales, raw material costs, and currency exchange rates. Additionally, I am satisfied that our cash flow and balance sheet remained strong. Supply demand imbalances continued to drive prices of raw materials up during the year, mainly related to steel, magnesium, nylon, and aluminum. 2021 was an exceptional period of high raw material prices and we managed to secure some compensation in 2021 and further negotiations are ongoing with customers. During the year, our organic sales growth was around 8%, and we reached an adjusted operating margin of 8.3% and generated operating cash flow of $754m. Market development The challenges that arose due to the pandemic led to a continued uncertain and volatile market development in 2021. Our ongoing focus is to support our customers and we believe that our global presence and agile organization provide a strong competitive advantage. We had a high number of new product launches in the second half of 2021, which supports our expectation of a healthy outperformance of light vehicle production in 2022. Our order intake was strong in 2021, and we booked around 50% of all available orders. This compares favorably to our estimated current global sales market share of 43%. We are continuing to strengthen our electrical vehicle (EV) and plug-in-hybrid EV exposure. Many of our product launches in 2021 were either pure EVs or plug-in-hybrids, further extending our exposure to this growing market. In 2021, our estimated market share of plug-in-hybrids and battery electric vehicles was close to 45%. In the three-year period 2022-2024, we expect to grow organically by around 4 percentage points more than LVP growth per year, on average. In addition, we have introduced a long-term growth target beyond 2024, where we aim to grow our sales organically by 4-6% per year, over time. This is based on growth coming from safety content per vehicle, LVP, and adjacent areas, now organized in Mobility Safety Solutions (MSS). Within MSS, we develop products and services for businesses adjacent to our core of airbags, steering wheels, and seatbelts for light vehicles, such as powered two-wheelers, connected safety services, and customers that complement our core offering. By combining our core competence and solid industry experience with the development of products for new markets, we can save even more lives. Content per vehicle growth is expected to be driven by continued updates of government regulations and crash test ratings, highly safety-focused societies and the new opportunities that come from newly configured vehicle interiors. Our medium-term growth opportunities are further supported by regulatory developments such as the proposed mandatory side and curtain airbags in all cars in India which would begin in late 2022. Innovation In the coming years, we intend to go from an industry leader to a true industry transformer, not just by leading, but also by setting the trends in our industry. Therefore, our mission encompasses safety for mobility and society. Mobility refers to a multi-modal view of transporting people and goods, as well as related services, that goes further than Autoliv’s traditional market of safety for light vehicles. A key focus area for us is new passive safety solutions driven by the evolution of advanced driver-assistance systems and new interiors. Other key innovation focus areas are electrification, adaptability to the size and age of occupants, and vulnerable road users. Our innovation agenda includes commercializing market firsts in areas such as integrated safety-on-seat systems, airbags for motorcycles, wearables, and the industry’s smallest inflators for driver units. We are pursuing joint development agreements with technology leaders, while building internal electronics and mechatronics competencies. The popularity of powered two-wheelers continues to rise due to widespread urbanization and urban densification and to the practicality and ease of use of powered two-wheelers. In 2021, we launched a collaboration with the Piaggio Group, one of the leading manufacturers of scooters and motorcycles, to develop an airbag for powered two-wheelers, for greater rider safety. Sustainable business Sustainability is firmly rooted in Autoliv’s business strategy which is guided by our mission of providing world-class, life-saving solutions for mobility and society. Our vision of Saving More Lives drives all our work, and it is an integral part of our sustainability agenda. Our commitment includes staying at the forefront of technology, while innovating and manufacturing high-quality life-saving products for real-life traffic. We are continuously turning our sustainability and climate commitment into action and are well-positioned to continue supporting our customers and partners in their efforts to reach their sustainability goals. Our products saved close to 35,000 lives in 2021. Every year, our products prevent more than 300,000 severe injuries. It is our ambition to save over 100,000 lives per year. Autoliv’s core business directly contributes to the UN Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) for Good Health and Well-being (UN SDG #3) and its target of halving global deaths and injuries from road traffic by 2030. Autoliv is supporting the United Nations Road Safety Fund, UNRSF, to strengthen insights into road safety challenges and contribute to safer mobility where it is most needed. Autoliv will support UNRSF’s road safety interventions in low- and middle-income countries and the development of multi-sectoral action plans to address global road safety concerns. Through our business model and life-saving products, and by stimulating the development of new methods, we have an important role to play. The collaboration constitutes a vital step towards improving road safety for all users and increasing awareness and availability of life-saving products, especially in emerging markets. In June 2021, we became the first automotive safety supplier to commit to becoming carbon neutral in our own operations by 2030 and is aiming for net-zero emissions across our supply chain by 2040. This means reducing our carbon emissions through use of renewable electricity in our own and supplier operations, improving energy and material efficiency, adopting low-carbon logistics and low-carbon materials, and developing attractive low-carbon product offerings to support our customers in their transition to electrified, zero emission vehicles. In 2021, we announced that we are committing to establish Science Based Targets and our targets were approved by the Science Based Targets initiative in January 2022. In 2021, Autoliv and global steel company SSAB also initiated a collaboration to research and develop the world’s first fossil-free steel components for automotive safety products. The collaboration enables Autoliv to be at the forefront in producing automotive safety products with fossil-free steel from SSAB. Other important developments in the year were our introduction of new targets for diversity and inclusion and the publication of our Sustainable Financing Framework. Outstanding employee efforts As a leading producer of automotive safety components, Autoliv is committed to providing an attractive and inclusive workplace with safe working conditions for our employees, contractors, and business partners. In both the marketplace and workplace, health and safety is more than an element of our business – it is our business. In a very challenging time, our employees have continued to show strength, perseverance, and pride in what we do. Our focus has been on safeguarding and minimizing the risk throughout our operations and for our employees. In 2020, and as a response to the pandemic, we established the Autoliv “Smart Start Playbook”, which lays out processes and practical recommendations based on guidelines from the World Health Organization (WHO) and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention that can be tailored by our local sites to address the various scenarios we face. In 2021, we continued to work with and update our COVID-19 response including the Smart Start Playbook, to ensure a safe workplace in our operations and offices – be it the company offices or home offices. We are continuing to explore new ways of working. The Playbook remains our guiding principle and will continue to serve its purpose for as long as we need it. I am proud of what the Autoliv team has done and continues to do under these challenging circumstances. I am convinced that we will continue to grow even stronger as we move beyond the pandemic. Going forward We will continue to further improve customer satisfaction and efficiency, and intensify our efforts to achieve flawless execution of new launches, thereby supporting our strong market position. Based on an assumption of LVP growth of around 9%, supported by a positive regional mix and high number of product launches, we expect to grow organically by approximately 20%, generating an adjusted operating margin of around 9.5% for the full year 2022. Autoliv’s vision of Saving More Lives is the guiding light in all we do. Sustainability is firmly rooted in our business strategy and as a market leader in our field, we have a responsibility – to our shareholders, customers, business partners and employees – to ensure our efforts are aligned with the broader society’s agenda. Our journey and commitment are more promising than ever. We welcome you to join us on this journey.

Mikael Bratt 

President and CEO
