Dear fellow shareholders,

2021 has been a year of action, focus, and collaboration for Baker Hughes as we accelerated our company’s strategy and execution. Our portfolio remains essential to meeting the world’s growing energy and industrial needs, and we have sharpened our focus on the increasingly positive opportunities that lie ahead. Like many companies, we continued to navigate the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, broader supply chain challenges, and dynamic commodity prices in 2021. At the same time, we remained committed to our strategy and our vision, enabling us to deliver improved performance, stronger returns, and more efficient operations. I am extremely proud of the entire Baker Hughes team for achieving strong results during what was another challenging year. Turning to the near-term, we see a positive outlook for the oil and gas markets over the next few years. As major economies fully re-open, we expect continued tightness in global commodity markets as hydrocarbon demand increases and oil and gas producers maintain their capital discipline. We believe this will provide an attractive investment environment for our customers and a strong tailwind for many of our product companies. Looking longer-term, the world faces the dual challenge of meeting increasing energy demand, while simultaneously reducing associated greenhouse gas emissions. While we still believe that hydrocarbons will remain an important part of the energy mix, the energy transition remains crucial for a low to zero carbon world. Baker Hughes can play a role in addressing this dual challenge through our leading portfolio of technologies and solutions. During 2021, we sharpened our focus on key growth areas, accelerating our partnerships and collaborations with our global customers, and deploying capital to strengthen our position as a leading energy technology company for 2022 and beyond.

Our 2021 performance

Baker Hughes delivered strong operational results throughout 2021. During the year we grew orders, revenues, margins, and free cash flow when compared to the full year 2020. We booked $21.7 billion of orders, increased our adjusted operating income* by 52%, and generated $1.8 billion in free cash flow* — our strongest free cash flow year as a combined company. In OFS, we continued to drive digital transformation through remote operations with customers in multiple regions. The business delivered its largest remote operations solution in Baker Hughes’ history, deploying digital technology across Aramco’s entire drilling operation encompassing more than 200 sites. With higher commodity prices compared to 2020, OFS also saw activity levels increase over the course of 2021. Despite global supply chain constraints and weather-related incidents, the business continued to grow margin rates through cost reductions and efficiency initiatives. While we were pleased with the progress in OFS margin rates in 2021, we still have work to do, and remain focused on achieving 20% EBITDA margin rates by the end of 2022. In OFE, the offshore environment continued to be challenging. The business primarily focused on rightsizing operations and providing differentiated offerings to customers. We completed the merger of the Subsea Drilling Systems product line with Akastor’s MHWirth business to form HMH, a new global offshore drilling equipment company. OFE also generated continued commercial interest in its non-metallic and flexible pipe systems technologies, securing key contracts with customers, including Petrobras. TPS continued to operate at a high level. TPS provides turbomachinery technologies and solutions for natural gas, LNG, hydrogen, carbon capture, utilization, and storage (CCUS), clean, integrated power, and  industrial applications. TPS secured several major LNG orders throughout the year, including Nigeria LNG’s Train 7 and Woodside’s Pluto LNG Train 2 in Australia. TPS also secured the majority of our new energy orders in 2021, including equipment orders for the Santos Moomba CCUS project in Australia, and the Air Products NEOM hydrogen project in Saudi Arabia. Our market outlook on LNG — as well as natural gas — continues to be increasingly positive, and the strength of our broad TPS portfolio provides us with multiple growth opportunities into the future. In DS, our portfolio offers a broad suite of technologies to drive industrial asset management and emissions management leadership across multiple industries. Operationally, we experienced challenges throughout 2021 as supply chain constraints led to lower revenue conversion. We are implementing changes to improve operating margins and to enable DS to grow and improve returns for shareholders. Despite the headwinds, DS took an important step to strengthen its industrial asset management capabilities with the acquisition of ARMS Reliability to enhance the Bently Nevada product line. DS will also benefit from our recent investment and alliance with Augury, an industrial machine health provider, to extend our reach to balance-of-plant equipment. In 2021, Baker Hughes remained committed to returning cash to shareholders and maintaining a peer-leading capital allocation strategy. Our strong cash flow profile allowed us to return almost $1.2 billion to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks in 2021, while simultaneously making multiple acquisitions and investments in the industrial and new energy spaces.

Accelerating our strategy

As the tailwinds around energy transition intensify, we are taking steps to accelerate our strategy to fully capitalize on the opportunities that lie ahead, drive increased shareholder value, and build a worldclass energy technology company. Our strategy remains aligned with our purpose of taking energy forward. In 2021, we demonstrated strong progress, differentiated our offerings, and solidified our leading position to capitalize on the growing commercial opportunities in new energy and industrial areas. The push for a net-zero world continues to intensify. We provide proven technologies to help our customers as they progress towards their own netzero objectives. In 2021, we saw the first wave of commercial success from our energy transition efforts, generating approximately $250 million in new energy orders, primarily in hydrogen and CCUS applications. We remain confident in our ability to grow this business significantly over the next decade. To further support our energy transition strategy, we began to align the company across two broad business areas: Oilfield Services and Equipment (OFSE) and Industrial Energy Technology (IET). These two business areas have differing growth trajectories that will require unique approaches to operations and capital allocation. We believe that focusing on these two business areas will better position the company by enhancing our flexibility, improving commercial and operational execution, and providing long-term optionality. The OFSE side of Baker Hughes is a leading global enterprise comprised of our OFS and OFE product companies. It is positioned to benefit from cyclical growth in the coming years, and its core strengths include drilling services, flexible pipe, artificial lift, and chemicals. We have a strong leadership team in place and a world-class technology portfolio, which will support customers as they continue to invest during what is expected to be a multi-year recovery. The IET side of Baker Hughes is comprised of our TPS and DS product companies. We view IET as a significant growth opportunity for Baker Hughes, specifically in areas including hydrogen, CCUS, and industrial asset management. IET represents a strong foundation to build an even more comprehensive presence in the broader industrial markets, and we are taking steps to prepare for future growth. Additionally, we formed the Climate Technology Solutions (CTS) and the Industrial Asset Management (IAM) groups to bring together our capabilities and provide structure for our growth initiatives. These groups represent an intensified commercial and strategic focus on these key growth areas. CTS encompasses CCUS, hydrogen, emissions management, and clean, integrated power solutions. These solutions are already primarily housed in TPS, using proven technologies that can now be scaled and better positioned to meet our customers’ increasing need to lower the emissions from their own operations.

IAM will bring together key digital capabilities, software, and hardware from across Baker Hughes. IAM will focus on accelerating the commercial development of solutions-based offerings to support customers’ digital transformations through increased efficiencies, improved performance, and reduced emissions. This includes our partnership with C3 AI, known as BakerHughesC3.ai (BHC3), Bently Nevada condition monitoring, ARMS Reliability, and Augury Alliance teams, among others.

Growing sustainably and responsibly

We continue to view environmental, social, and governance (ESG) performance as a key lever to transform our company and our industry. Baker Hughes is one of the leaders in the energy sector, and we are pleased to maintain our AA ESG rating by MSCI. People To lead in the energy transition, we know we must retain and develop a globally skilled and diverse workforce. The challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic have caused us to rethink how we approach flexible work and support our people. In 2021, we focused on strengthening our diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) programs. Led by our Global DEI Council, we improved our talent acquisition processes, enhanced our employee resource groups, and increased our outreach to diverse organizations. In the US, we launched a new educational partnership with four historically black colleges and universities. We also worked to make our community outreach programs more global, more strategic, and more inclusive. We increased our giving in the strategic areas of environment, education and opportunity, and health and safety in multiple regions. I am particularly proud of our giving, fundraising, and volunteer work to provide relief to global communities during the pandemic – providing medical supplies and humanitarian relief as well as expanding equitable access to vaccines around the world in partnership with UNICEF. Looking forward, we see our human capital strategy as core to embracing a just energy transition for our people and the communities where we operate. You can read more in the expanded Human Capital section of our Form 10-K. Planet We have made great progress on improving our environmental performance and mobilizing our workforce to reduce greenhouse gas emissions toward our goal of net-zero by 2050. In 2021 we reported a 15% reduction* in our Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions, and progress on many of our other environmental priorities. We are also a signatory of the Methane Guiding Principles that commit us to reduce methane emissions, which has become closer to reality following agreements made at COP26. Principles Safety, health, integrity, compliance, and human rights are foundational elements of our culture. We continue to be guided by our values and our governance structure. Our disciplined approach to occupational safety, health, and emergency management helped us to navigate the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, while implementing robust vaccination and returnto-work programs. I am proud Baker Hughes acts with integrity through maintaining ethical supply chains and promoting respect for fundamental human rights. In 2021, we accelerated our strategy, maintained a strong balance sheet, executed for our customers, and delivered clear value to our stakeholders. I want to thank our customers, employees, and shareholders for their support. Our results and the actions we are taking position us for continued growth in 2022 and beyond, as we help to build a more prosperous and sustainable world. I look forward to another year of taking energy forward. 

Sincerely,

Lorenzo Simonelli 

Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
