TO OUR FELLOW STAKEHOLDERS

2021 proved to be another year of notable progress for Ball Corporation. We remained committed to operating our business in a way that generated higher earnings and Economic Value Added (EVA®) dollars and positive returns for our shareholders. Our purpose is driven by an understanding of the important role we play in shaping the future, not just for ourselves, but for the many communities in which we operate and for the planet as a whole. We know we are stronger together when we work across industries and geographies, collectively creating a better future for generations to come. We envision a future in which recycling is a common and everyday practice around the globe, with products of all types being packaged in infinitely recyclable aluminum, and one where critical technologies continuously evaluate the health of our planet and its many ecosystems to give us the intelligence we need to be more responsible and sustainable. Given Ball Corporation’s role in this vision for the future, we took intentional actions to make 2021 a defining year for our organization. With purpose, conviction and through the lens of Drive for 10 — We Know Who We Are, We Know What is Important and We Know Where We Are Going — we established ambitious 2030 sustainability goals that will impact Ball and our entire value chain, and we took deliberate action to define ur future and allow our growth ambitions to become a reality. We have said it before, and we know it to be true, Our Time Is Now, and we remain on course for making a difference for our customers, consumers, communities and the planet. In this, our inaugural combined annual and sustainability report, we invite you to learn about the many ways Ball Corporation achieves strong financial performance through the lenses of environmental, social and economic sustainability. POSITIONED FOR ONGOING SUCCESS Despite impacts from the lingering global pandemic, far-reaching supply chain disruptions, and the need to balance new ways of working and connecting with each other while prioritizing the health and safety of our workforce, we continued to innovate and deliver strong results throughout 2021. Our performance remains a testament to the unique and inclusive culture we have nurtured, our EVA®-driven owner’s mindset and those Drive for 10 tenets that continue to guide our business. The growth outlined in this report reminds us that we are indeed stronger together, and when confronted by challenges and obstacles, like those stemming from the global pandemic and climate change, we have demonstrated that our success is greatest when we take collective action to make the world a better place. Further, we are confident we have the right blend of talent and a winning product portfolio to continue delivering results and advancing our business for decades to come. Through a combination of resilience, determination and the unprecedented global growth of our aluminum packaging and aerospace technologies businesses, last year we increased comparable diluted earnings per share by 18%. Further, our strong balance sheet and cash flow from operations underpinned $1.7 billion of disciplined capital expenditures strategically aligned to address our global growth agenda. We also increased EVA® dollars by 7% and returned approximately $950 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. With our defined purpose in tow, we move forward with a sense of urgency and our sights set on strengthening our company’s commitments and increasing consumers’ awareness around sustainability, aluminum and a circular economy, while simultaneously accelerating our own growth. Our more than 24,300 employees are united with a common goal, ready to make the most of the growth opportunities that await us, while leaving a positive mark on our world. SUSTAINABILITY IS OUR GROWTH STRATEGY At Ball, sustainability does not refer to ideals or “nice to dos,” but rather imperative business fundamentals that we believe serve as linchpins for long-term, sustainable growth. Ball is committed to improving product stewardship by strategically supporting our customers’ business goals and developing comprehensive net zero emissions and circularity strategies to enable the delivery of holistic solutions throughout the entire life cycle of our products. Our truly collaborative approach ensures our entire value chain – suppliers, customers and other business partners – are working together to make a difference in our industry. Across our entire organization, we are united in our efforts to increase the global recycling rate for aluminum packaging to 90% through a combination of initiatives and programs designed to educate consumers, advance public policy and upgrade much-needed recycling infrastructure. We remain committed to demonstrating our manufacturing expertise and climate leadership by championing our vision for the future and leading by example. We know true leadership begins within our own manufacturing operations where we are pursuing real circularity for our products, streamlining our operations to be as efficient as possible, and taking deliberate actions to source 100% of our aluminum needs from certified sustainable sources by 2030. To further enhance the resilience of our supply chain and strengthen our roadmap to achieving our carbon reduction targets, we are pursuing and, for many of our manufacturing locations, have already achieved certifications through the Aluminum Stewardship Initiative. At Ball, we understand that our growth and industry leadership are made possible by the outstanding contributions of our people, which is why we place great importance on the social component of sustainability. Across our global organization, we are maximizing the positive impact on our employees and the communities where we live and work by defining and actively working toward social objectives focused on inclusion, training and volunteerism – all designed to provide our people with a sense of purpose and belonging. And always, our Drive for 10 strategy remains foundational to all that we achieve and instills in us the passion and commitment to conduct our business in a way that elevates our employees and our communities. With these truths in mind, we developed our 2030 Sustainability Goals in a holistic way to also focus on social sustainability and the undeniable importance we place on people, culture and community. As part of this effort, we recognize the need to increase the speed of our efforts to ensure our global workforce reflects the communities in which we operate. Each of our businesses is focused on our 2025 diversity and inclusion goals, understanding these efforts will enhance Ball’s ability to attract and retain diverse talent, which in turn enhances our ability to innovate for the future and create solutions that address both localized and global business needs. Some examples of these goals include female, ethnic and minority representation, and the recruitment of diverse talent for plant production and leadership roles. In this report, you will learn more about our diversity and inclusion goals, along with the impacts we anticipate for our businesses and regional operations. Additionally, as part of our focus on enriching our communities, we are aiming for a 35% participation rate in giving and volunteer activities, along with a goal of $1 million in-kind donations by 2025. These commitments are intrinsically linked to our Drive for 10 sustainability tenet and speak to the determination we have as a collective group of employees to demonstrate our leadership position now and well into the future. READY TO MEET THE DEMANDS OF THE FUTURE As part of our established multi-year succession planning process, we recently announced that Dan Fisher will be assuming the role of CEO, while John Hayes will remain Chairman of the Board. With great confidence in Dan’s readiness and ability to lead, our board, employees and all of our stakeholders look to Dan as the 12th CEO in Ball’s 142-year history. He will not lead us alone – our entire organization operates within the context of an owner’s mindset, and we each take great pride and assume a high degree of responsibility in making decisions that accelerate our collective progress forward. With our Drive for 10 vision as our guiding light, we remain united in our efforts to capitalize on the opportunities at our doorstep, while shaping a bright future for our global community. As we look ahead, we expect to accelerate our growth even further given the strong demand for sustainable aluminum packaging, our execution on significant aerospace contracted backlog, and strong returns on deployed capital across our innovative product portfolio. Doing so will allow us to exceed our long-term diluted earnings per share growth goal of at least 10% to 15% and increase EVA® dollars generated on a growing invested capital base, all while returning significant value to shareholders. As you will read in this report, our focus on value creation through sustainability is truly a multifaceted approach that directly supports EVA® generation within an environmental, social and economic scope. All of Ball’s businesses – global beverage packaging, aluminum cups, aerosol packaging and aerospace technologies – are anchored in our Drive for 10 vision and sustainability commitments, and we are ready to continue defining the benchmark for excellence while leading our industry forward. With resounding certainty, we know that we are stronger together, so we look to the future with great optimism and an eagerness to demonstrate that together we can and will achieve extraordinary things.

JOHN A. HAYES 

Chairman and CEO
