Dear Stockholders: Boston Scientific performed strongly in 2021. Amid significant disruption, our global team proved its resilience by navigating uncertainty with agility, developing new capabilities and turning challenges into opportunities. Throughout the year, with each stage of the pandemic having a smaller impact on our business, we supported health care systems, physicians, communities and one another. And, most important to our mission, Boston Scientific helped improve the lives of more than 30 million patients. Throughout the year we challenged what’s possible. This winning spirit led us to launch 145 new clinical trials, introduce 90 innovative products and enhance our digital capabilities. We kept our focus on organic innovation and business development deals to support our category leadership strategy, including the acquisition of five companies in the past year that expand our portfolio and complement our existing medical technologies. We invested in our growth while continuing to work on minimizing our impact on the environment and advancing our diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) goals. And around the world we supported local communities through health equity initiatives and more than 50,000 volunteer hours in more than 50 countries. We are stronger for the hurdles we have overcome. While we will continue to face challenges, our business and our talented team of employees are well-positioned for the future. 2021 Results The global strength of our product diversification and category leadership strategy resulted in all businesses, with the exception of cardiac rhythm management and U.S. electrophysiology, gaining share despite the disruptions the COVID-19 pandemic presented. As a result, our 2021 organic net sales1 grew 5.7 percent versus 2019, the last period unaffected by COVID-19, approaching our long-range plan of 6-8% growth, in line with what had been a six-year trend of excellent performance, until the pandemic hit in 2020. Our full-year net sales in 2021 were $11.888 billion. This represents growth of 18.7 percent on an operational2 basis and 18.9 percent on an organic1 basis compared to 2020. Organic net sales1 grew 19.0 percent in MedSurg,3 12.3 percent in Rhythm and Neuro,3 and 23.9 percent in Cardiovascular.3 Our worldwide performance reflected a rebound from 2020 results that were significantly affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Compared to 2020 we grew operational2 net sales 25.3 percent in the United States, 16.4 percent in Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), 13.9 percent in Asia Pacific (APAC), and 23.3 percent in Latin America and Canada. Net sales in Emerging Markets4 countries grew 22.3 percent on an operational2 basis. Our full-year adjusted operating margin5 was 25.3 percent with adjusted earnings per share5 of $1.63, compared to $0.96 in 2020. We generated $2.2 billion in adjusted free cash flow,6 exceeding our expectations, with growth of 11 percent versus 2020, driven by lower working capital as we balanced increasing our inventory with sales recovery. While we anticipate less COVID-19 impact on the volume of procedures involving our medical devices for the full year 2022, we still face uncertainty related to future COVID-19 waves and hospital staffing shortages. We remain committed to our long-range financial goals of 6-8 percent organic revenue growth, operating margin expansion, double-digit adjusted EPS growth and strong cash flow generation. With category leading, innovative products, a strong focus on developing clinical evidence and a proven strategy of entering high growth, adjacent markets, Boston Scientific is in an excellent position to continue increasing shareholder value. Positioned for Growth Our products help physicians diagnose and treat complex cardiovascular, respiratory, digestive, oncological, neurological, urological and pelvic health diseases and conditions. Our category leadership strategy — to deepen our portfolio in these areas through organic research and development and smart investments and acquisitions — continues to create value for patients, physicians and payers. We continue to expand our presence in high-growth markets and regions to make our technologies available to more people in need. We believe skillful execution by our global team, our exciting pipeline and strong financial fundamentals position us well for the long term. Five Acquisitions Advance Outcomes and Strengthen Our Future Three of the five acquisitions we announced last year came from our venture capital portfolio. All five deals expand our current product and service offerings to fuel growth. Specifically, here is what we expect to gain from each acquisition: Preventice Solutions establishes Boston Scientific in the high-growth ambulatory electrocardiography space and strengthens our diagnostic portfolio with ambulatory cardiac monitors, cardiac event monitors and mobile cardiac telemetry. Our enhanced portfolio now includes the BodyGuardian® products, a family of remote, wearable cardiac monitors that use a cloud-based platform supported by an independent diagnostic testing facility, where clinical technicians and artificial intelligence algorithms provide insights that may lead to improved clinical diagnoses and outcomes. Farapulse, Inc., supports our goal to offer physicians comprehensive therapeutic options to treat atrial fibrillation, as well as other cardiac arrhythmias, based on their clinical preferences and the individual needs of their patients. The FARAPULSE™ Pulsed Field Ablation system* is designed to enable physicians to precisely ablate cardiac tissue while minimizing procedural complications. Real-world and clinical evidence from trials throughout Europe has demonstrated positive results. Baylis Medical Company, Inc., gives us access to solutions that are clinically proven to enhance procedural safety, efficacy and efficiency when physicians cross the atrial septum to deliver therapies in the left side of the heart, such as atrial fibrillation ablation and left atrial appendage closure with our WATCHMAN™ Device. The Baylis Medical and Farapulse technologies expand our electrophysiology and structural heart portfolios and make Boston Scientific the sole provider of a comprehensive portfolio of left heart access devices that facilitate therapies on the left side of the heart. Devoro Medical, Inc., strengthens our vascular portfolio, which now includes products that treat deep vein thrombosis, pulmonary embolism (PE), deep venous obstruction and superficial venous disease. The WOLF Thrombectomy® Platform from Devoro uses finger-like prongs to capture blood clots in the arterial and venous systems. This technology rounds out our suite of interventional strategies for blood clots, which also includes the EkoSonic™ Endovascular System (EKOS) and the AngioJet™ Thrombectomy System. The global surgical business of Lumenis LTD, which develops and commercializes energy-based medical solutions, enhances our portfolio of products to manage kidney stones and enlarged prostates. MOSES™ Laser Technology — used for urology procedures — is among the company’s premier laser systems, fibers and accessories. The acquisition helps us accelerate growth, particularly in Europe and Asia, establish a global surgical laser center of excellence in Yokneam, Israel and expand our global footprint. Our team has strong experience integrating acquisitions and we expect these acquisitions to contribute approximately $600 million to 2022 net sales. Expanding Digital Capabilities The COVID-19 pandemic has accelerated a digital transformation in health care. Some technology experts claim we’ve seen five years of change compressed into a single year. Digital technology enhances patient engagement, facilitates global education for physician and hospital administrators, and improves sales representative productivity. It also allows us to use artificial intelligence in our sensor portfolio, algorithms for cardiac rhythm management as well as in our processes for quality control, manufacturing and regulatory compliance. Digital technology no longer just supports the business: it propels the business, generating growth, cost savings and competitive advantages. Meaningful Innovation That Solves Urgent Challenges Boston Scientific relentlessly strives to improve upon current medical technology and create practical new products that meet unmet clinical needs. Our innovation is the product of organic research, collaborations, strategic investments in our venture portfolio and acquisitions. Fast Company named Boston Scientific a Top Workplace for Innovators, and for the fifth year in a row, Boston Scientific was named one of the Top 100 Global Innovators by Clarivate Analytics. In 2021, in addition to launching 90 new products and initiating 145 global clinical trials, we invested more than $1 billion in research and development, received approximately 1,250 worldwide regulatory approvals and were granted more than 1,830 new patents worldwide. Addressing Challenging Diseases with Interventional Oncology In interventional oncology, our TheraSphere™ Y-90 Glass Microspheres received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to treat patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), the most common type of liver cancer. We also began a clinical trial in China to show the safety and efficacy of TheraSphere for patients with HCC. Further, we secured FDA Breakthrough Device designation for TheraSphere treatment for patients with glioblastoma, an aggressive form of brain cancer, and findings from the EPOCH trial presented in Europe showed that TheraSphere significantly delayed metastatic colorectal tumor growth isolated in the liver. The EPOCH study underscored the success of integrating a device-based therapy like TheraSphere in the continuum of care, with systemic chemotherapy and biologic regimens, and it provides a rationale for future investigation in other types of cancer. Personalizing Care for Chronic Pain and Neurological Conditions We continue to enhance our neuromodulation portfolio with devices that enable physicians to personalize therapy. Our Spinal Cord Stimulation (SCS) systems help manage chronic pain, including pain associated with failed back surgery, complex regional pain, and low back and leg pain. Real-world data presented at the North American Neuromodulation Society (NANS) meeting showed chronic pain sufferers experienced significant pain relief when using Fast-Acting Sub-perception Therapy (FAST™) in our WaveWriter Alpha™ SCS System. FAST, which is new to the industry, is designed to deliver immediate and significant results even before patients leave the clinic. We are also making progress introducing neuromodulation systems with Bluetooth connectivity that can be safely used in a magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) environment. These include the U.S. introduction of our WaveWriter Alpha™ portfolio of SCS Systems with Cognita™ Practice Optimization Solutions and the FDA-approved Vercise Genus™ Deep Brain Stimulation System to treat patients with movement disorders such as Parkinson’s disease and essential tremor. Single Use Scopes to Reduce the Risk of Infection Boston Scientific has one of the most diverse endoscopy portfolios in the industry, providing an end-to-end solution for our hospital customers. We’ve made progress developing and commercializing our single-use medical scope portfolio, which includes technologies to diagnose and treat often life-threatening conditions in the gastrointestinal, pancreaticobiliary, urological and airway spaces. Physicians use single-use scopes to help prevent infections that are due to ineffective reprocessing of reusable scopes and to reduce the inefficiencies associated with scheduling and maintaining reusable scopes. Our EXALT™ Model B Single-Use Bronchoscope received clearance from the FDA, after it completed the CE Mark and made a strong introduction in the Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region. In 2021, the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services granted additional reimbursement for Medicare beneficiaries for our EXALT™ Model D Single-Use Duodenoscope, the world’s first single-use duodenoscope. Reducing the Risk of Stroke The WATCHMAN FLX™ Left Atrial Appendage Closure (LAAC) Device remains one of the most important growth drivers for Boston Scientific. More than 200,000 patients have been implanted with the WATCHMAN Device, which is used to treat patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (NVAF) to reduce their risk of stroke. With solid momentum in the U.S. and Europe, we are now seeing increased use in other regions. In Japan, we received strong reimbursement for the WATCHMAN FLX Device, and we plan to introduce this next-generation technology to serve patients in China this year. Advancing Science We maintain a strong base of clinical research to support the safety and efficacy of our devices with data from bench testing, randomized controlled trials and ongoing real-world evidence. In 2021, nearly 14,000 patients participated in 145 clinical trials with our devices. Trial progress in 2021 includes: The PINNACLE FLX clinical trial, a two-year study with results that underscore how the WATCHMAN FLX Device provides a safe, effective and durable option for patients with NVAF who are at increased risk for stroke and embolism — and an appropriate option for those seeking non-pharmaceutical treatment alternatives. Two ongoing, large randomized controlled trials are adding to this body of evidence: OPTION, which compares the WATCHMAN FLX Device to oral anticoagulants in patients who also undergo a cardiac ablation procedure, and CHAMPION-AF, which evaluates the device as a first-line therapy for patients who can tolerate oral anticoagulants. ACURATE neo2* registry data, presented at the EuroPCR Congress, reinforce the effectiveness of enhancements to the device’s design. Physicians in Europe continue to share positive feedback on the valve’s clinical performance and ease-of-use. The pivotal U.S. trial evaluating the device, ACURATE IDE, continues to enroll patients and has been expanded to include patients with severe, symptomatic aortic stenosis who are at low risk of open-heart surgery, in addition to those at intermediate, high and extreme risk. The KNOCOUT PE registry confirmed the safety and efficacy of our EkoSonic Endovascular System (EKOS) for treating patients with pulmonary embolism (PE). We started the HI-PEITHO clinical trial to compare the use of EKOS in combination with anticoagulation to anticoagulation alone for the treatment of acute, intermediate-high-risk PE. This trial is meant to address gaps in clinical guidelines so physicians can make data-based clinical decisions when choosing the best therapy for their patients. Two-year data from the RANGER II SFA trial found the Ranger™ Drug-Coated Balloon outperformed standard angioplasty in keeping the target vessels of patients unobstructed, especially patients with more complex lesions. It also showed a significant reduction in reinterventions at two years. One-year results from the EMINENT trial showed our Eluvia™ Drug-Eluting Vascular Stent System was superior to self-expanding bare metal stents in keeping target vessels unobstructed and in achieving a greater rate of sustained clinical improvement without reintervention. Boston Scientific is the only company to offer both a drug-coated balloon and a drug-eluting stent for the treatment of peripheral artery disease. We initiated the MODULAR ATP trial to evaluate the mCRM™ Modular Therapy System, the industry’s first modular cardiac rhythm management (CRM) system. The mCRM System consists of two CRM devices intended to work together to coordinate therapy: the EMBLEM™ MRI Subcutaneous Implantable Defibrillator System and the EMPOWER™ Modular Pacing System.* By studying the communication between different cardiac rhythm management devices that coordinate therapy, this trial aims to expand treatment options for patients who require an implantable cardioverter defibrillator. Addressing Inequities in Workplaces, Communities and Health Care Systems A culture that values diverse perspectives makes us think differently and perform better, which in turn helps us solve health care’s toughest problems. Over the last few years, the pandemic, polarizing political environments, racial injustice and economic uncertainties have spotlighted the depth of the inequities in our workplaces, communities and health care systems. We have deepened our diversity programs and initiatives to advance representation of women and multicultural employees within the company, including in leadership roles; expanded efforts to address and combat health inequities; and continued to support our $3.5 million multiyear strategy to combat inequity, systemic racism and injustice in the U.S. To increase diversity, equity and inclusion in our business, in our communities and in health care overall, we are undertaking the following initiatives: Enabling growth opportunities for employees by setting aggressive, transparent diversity and inclusion goals. This includes our 3Up by 2023 initiative to increase the representation of women and multicultural talent within our management. We are deepening diversity programs aimed at eliminating bias, racism and other forms of discrimination in our workplace. These programs include creating clearer pathways to leadership for women and multicultural talent and implementing an anti-racism training program to advance understanding of race, culture and identity at all levels of the organization. To hold ourselves accountable, we introduced a Human Capital Scorecard as part of our 2021 annual bonus program. Expanding relationships with Black-owned businesses that provide supply chain services. Last year, we worked with approximately 3,400 diverse and small vendors. Supporting education for students of color by expanding our internship and mentorship efforts, awarding technology grants to help close the digital learning gap, supporting students applying for college admission and financial aid, and deepening our partnership with historically Black colleges and universities. We are also providing scholarships for graduate-level health care students of color who are addressing health disparities and increasing diversity in medical research. Tackling health disparities through Close the Gap, our health equity initiative that educates and empowers health care providers to reduce health inequities among underserved populations and works to increase representation of women and people of color in clinical trials. As part of this program, we launched the international ELEGANCE patient registry to expand inclusion of patient groups underrepresented in previous trials for peripheral artery disease and ensure that physicians from these underrepresented groups make up more than half of the registry’s steering committee. We’re using the registry data to conduct a post-market study assessing the long-term outcomes of patients treated with our Ranger™ Drug-Coated Balloon or the Eluvia Drug-Eluting Stent. Promoting racial equity in public policy by backing efforts to protect voting rights and advocating for policies and programs that advance social and racial justice. Taking Action for a Healthier World The need for strong environmental, social and governance initiatives among global citizens and businesses has never been greater. That’s why sustainable and inclusive business practices are central to our mission to transform lives through medical solutions around the world. We measure progress in corporate responsibility by how we transform care, invest in our people, advance possibilities, protect the environment and create value responsibly. We were one of the first medical device manufacturers to pledge to achieve carbon neutrality by 2030 in all manufacturing and key distribution sites, and we are on track to meet our 2030 goal. In 2021 Boston Scientific expanded our climate action goals by joining the United Nations Race to Zero and Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaign. By making this commitment we will build on our strong foundation and establish ambitious sciencebased targets that set us on a path to achieve net-zero carbon emissions across our entire value chain by 2050. We have much work to do, but I am proud of the progress we have made. By living our values, our employees earned our company numerous recognitions. For the second consecutive year we were named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices and for the seventh consecutive year, to FORTUNE’s World’s Most Admired Companies. We’re on Newsweek’s first list of 100 Most-Loved Workplaces and Forbes’s annual list of America’s Best Employers for Diversity. We were ranked first in our industry among America’s Most Just Companies, and this year we were one of only three companies to earn the prestigious Catalyst Award—recognition given to companies leading global change with DE&I programs that advance inclusion and representation of women. Looking Forward Our winning spirit at Boston Scientific fuels our ability to face demanding and uncertain times. I am inspired by and confident in our future because of the way we have met challenges and become stronger. We have a robust portfolio and pipeline supported by ambitious research and development and the highest quality standards. Patients and customers trust us, our devices and our therapies. Our exceptionally talented global team recognizes and is inspired by the privilege and responsibility of our work. On behalf of all of us at Boston Scientific, I want to thank our Board of Directors for their service, and you, our stockholders, for your support. Together, let us continue to transform lives around the world through innovative medical solutions. 

Sincerely,

Mike Mahoney

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
