To our Fellow Stockholders, You are cordially invited to attend the annual meeting of stockholders of Builders FirstSource, Inc., which will take place at the Sheraton Dallas Hotel, 400 North Olive Street, Dallas, Texas 75201 on Tuesday, June 15, 2021, at 9:00 a.m., local time. Details of the business to be conducted at the annual meeting are given in the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, Proxy Statement, Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, and form of proxy. We demonstrated resilience throughout 2020 despite the unprecedented challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic, and ultimately we emerged as a stronger company. We are proud of the way our management team and team members responded to this challenging environment to meet the evolving needs of our suppliers, customers, and communities. Our Board of Directors was also actively engaged in these endeavors, consulting frequently with executive management and providing robust oversight and guidance as we navigated these complexities, while remaining focused on delivering long-term value to our stockholders. We also completed our transformational strategic merger with BMC Stock Holdings, Inc. (“BMC”) on January 1, 2021, which created the nation’s premier supplier of building materials and services. As a result of the merger, we welcomed five former BMC directors to our Board of Directors, including Dave Flitman, who succeeded Chad Crow as our chief executive officer on April 1, 2021. We believe that our company will benefit significantly from a combined leadership team and Board of Directors that brings together the best of both BMC and Builders FirstSource. Our mission is to be the leading supplier of building materials and services to homebuilders by promoting a peoplefirst culture that delivers exceptional customer service and innovative solutions to help build more efficiently, thereby creating superior value for stakeholders. While meaningful work remains, we have made significant strides in laying the foundation for a successful integration as we enter the next chapter of growth. Your vote is important to us. Even if you intend to join us in person, we encourage you to vote in advance so we will know we have a quorum of stockholders for the meeting. When you vote in advance, please indicate your intention to personally attend the annual meeting. Please see the Question and Answer section on page 3 of the Proxy Statement for instructions if you plan to personally attend the annual meeting. On behalf of the Board of Directors and the executive management team, we would like to express our appreciation for your continued interest in the affairs of Builders FirstSource, Inc. 

David E. Flitman 

Chief Executive Officer and President
