Dear Fellow Shareholders: 

The year 2020 was dominated by unprecedented challenges from CovidͲ19. Throughout, our attention was fixed on the safety and wellbeing of our people and the clients we serve. Sadly, CBRE was not spared from the pandemic’s human toll and we mourn the loss of colleagues, friends and loved ones who fell victim to the virus. The pandemic tested us in ways we could not have imagined. Our people rose to the occasion, despite significant upheaval in their personal lives.Professionals deployed at client sites comprise more than half of our workforce.They have reported to their worksites daily, keeping essential operations like labs, hospitals, data centers, distribution facilities, retail centers and others going throughout the pandemic. Meanwhile, most of our officeͲbased professionals quickly transitioned to working from home, overcoming the many difficulties of fullͲtime remote work to continue furnishing excellent advice and services to our clients. We are also proud of our efforts to help our CBRE colleagues and communities that were most acutely impacted by the pandemic. The company and our people, together, donated more than $15 million for Covid relief efforts to benefit communities around the world and, through our Employee Resilience Fund, provide nearly 11,000 grants to CBRE colleagues who face financial hardship due to Covid. We thank our people for their abundant generosity and steadfast loyalty. The public health crisis has truly brought out the very best in them. Business Performance and Outlook(1) As you’d expect, CBRE’s business was under stress for much of 2020.We adapted quickly, reͲdoubling our commitment to our clients, focusing on parts of our business that continued to grow and recalibrating our expense base to match lower levels of business activity.As a result, gross revenue was nearly level with 2019 at $23.8 billion while adjusted earnings per share(2) fell 12%. By the fourth quarter our business was on solid ground and quarterly adjusted earnings per share reached a new allͲtime high, partially due to improvements to our cost structure. Our performance in 2020 has highlighted the increased resiliency we’ve built into CBRE’s business, which allowed us to weather steep declines in property sales and leasing activities. This resiliency resulted from our longͲterm strategy to achieve greater diversification across four key dimensions: property types, lines of business, geographic markets and clients. Here are a few examples: x Across property types, office remains important but CBRE’s large and growing presence in industrial, data centers and multifamily has tempered its negative effects. x While leasing has been under pressure, we are a leader in other lines of business, such as GovernmentͲSponsored Enterprise financing, investment management and facilities management, that have continued to perform well.

New York, London and San Francisco are key geographic markets. But we also have a robust and growing presence in Asia and our activity has held up relatively well in Europe and secondary U.S. markets. x While Covid has negatively affected many CBRE clients, we do a huge amount of business with companies in technology, life sciences and other sectors that have thrived over the past year. This broad diversification has served CBRE extremely well. During the Global Financial Crisis, adjusted earnings per share declined by more than 80% from peak to trough, compared with the 12% decline in 2020 and did not return to the prior peak level for eight years.We expect our business to recover more rapidly and robustly coming out of the CovidͲinduced recession and a return to nearͲpeak profitability in 2021. Longer term, in the absence of a recession or other unforeseen events, we are projecting a minimum of low doubleͲdigit average annual adjusted earnings per share growth through at least 2025. We also believe there is meaningful potential upside to this growth rate from additional capital deployment beyond what we’ve included in our baseͲcase forecast. We expect the increased diversification of our business to help us achieve this strong growth even though office demand likely will remain under pressure due to increased remote working and the need for greater flexibility in space obligations. This rising interest in agile solutions, which Covid helped to accelerate, has bolstered our enthusiasm for the flexible office space sector. Our investment in Industrious, announced last month, aligns us with an exceptional operator and outstanding leadership team, and enables us to participate in the rapidly growing flexͲspace opportunity at scale.We are pleased that our startͲup flexͲspace offering, Hana, will become part of Industrious later this year. Environmental Social & Governance Environmental Social and Governance (ESG) is increasingly important to all our stakeholders, so I’ll provide an update on our activities in this area. Recently, we consolidated leadership for ESG matters under a single leader – our Chief Responsibility Officer – who is a member of our 13Ͳperson Global Executive Committee and reports directly to me. We believe this move gives ESG the visibility, sponsorship and accountability required to accelerate our progress. We regard two aspects of ESG as particularly important: Environmental Sustainability and Diversity Equity & Inclusion (DE&I). As the world’s largest manager of commercial properties, CBRE can play an outsized role in helping to limit the rise in global temperatures, while improving the efficiency and sustainability of building operations. In recognition of our progress in sustainability and other ESG metrics, CBRE is the only commercial real estate services provider included today in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index. Building on our momentum, late last year, we committed to scienceͲbased greenhouseͲgas reduction targets with a goal of cutting our operational emissions by more than twoͲthirds by 2035. We also pledged to make similarly ambitious reductions in the properties and facilities we manage for clients.

We have long emphasized diversity, as reflected in our inclusion in indices like the Bloomberg GenderͲ Equality Index and the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index.But we are committed to doing more, particularly with onboarding and advancing more people of color and women. Among the steps we are taking are stepped up minorityͲfocused recruiting, increased outreach to Historically Black Colleges & Universities and expanded training, educational and awareness programs.Notably, we also pledged to spend $3 billion annually with minorityͲand womenͲowned suppliers by 2025. Our Board, leadership team and I are united in our commitment to making continued progress on building a more diverse and inclusive company. Closing Thoughts Throughout the many challenges we faced in 2020, we drew strength from the support we received from our shareholders.We greatly value your investment in CBRE, and our team works hard every day to earn the trust you place in us.As a safety measure, we will hold our annual Stockholder Meeting virtually once again this year, and look forward to engaging with you online on May 19th. With vaccines being deployed globally and economic growth improving, we are optimistic that 2021 will be a better year not only for CBRE but the world at large.Until the pandemic is fully brought under control, we hope that you and everyone you love and care about remains safe and well. 

Sincerely,

Robert E. Sulentic 

President & Chief Executive Officer
