Dear Celanese Shareholders, Since Celanese’s initial public offering in early 2005, the company has delivered a positive total shareholder return (“TSR”) in 15 of 17 calendar years. Over this period, Celanese generated an average annual TSR1 of 25%, double the S&P 500. Our objective as an organization is to continue to drive annualized doubledigit earnings per share growth and shareholder return. With a constant focus on the most impactful opportunities, the drivers of our value creation have evolved at different points in our history. As I reflect on the last two decades of Celanese history, I identify three distinct periods in our evolution: • Prior to our initial public offering and for the first few years as a public company, the focus was establishing the right portfolio of businesses to drive value. We settled on a portfolio that consists largely of the same businesses driving our shareholder value today. Additionally, we focused on rapidly improving the health of the balance sheet. • With the right foundation, we entered a phase of driving enhanced productivity, scale, and operational excellence across Celanese. Over this period, our cost structure was significantly enhanced. This focus on productivity remains a hallmark attribute of Celanese. • Since the middle of the last decade, we have been focused on creating shareholder value through growth. We implemented new commercial models in our Engineered Materials and Acetyl Chain businesses that we continue to enhance. Over the last few years, we have expanded our organic investment, automation, and digitization of our global supply chain in order to support future growth. Each of these periods has resulted in a stronger Celanese and left a lasting imprint on our capability to drive value going forward. The unique challenges of 2020 and 2021 proved the power and resiliency of our capabilities as an organization. I thank our teams for their achievements in 2021, which demonstrated to our various stakeholders the strength of Celanese. In 2021 our teams: • Delivered 10 percent more volume than 2020 despite significant external disruptions to our production network including Winter Storm Uri, widespread supply chain constraints, and curtailment of our production in China; • Delivered record net sales of $8.5 billion on pricing that expanded 39 percent over the prior year and more than offset $1.1 billion in raw material, logistics, and energy inflation; and • Deployed $2.6 billion in cash to drive future earnings per share growth including organic investment, M&A, and share repurchases. Additionally, in 2021 our teams worked heavily on multiple opportunities for more significant M&A which culminated in the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire the majority of DuPont’s Mobility & Materials (M&M) business. This acquisition represents the greatest opportunity to accelerate the growth we have delivered over recent years. In addition to driving continued growth in our businesses, we are collectively focused on key imperatives in 2022 that will position us to successfully close, rapidly integrate, and deliver synergies from the M&M acquisition. Let me highlight some of these objectives: • We are accelerating the systems and process integration of Santoprene across 2022 which will allow us to add additional resources to the M&M integration team prior to closing. We are pleased with the progress of early synergies in Santoprene and will maintain distinct teams driving synergies for Santoprene and M&M. • We are rapidly filling the M&M integration team and developing a detailed integration workplan which will support our synergy workplan. For integration, each functional area will be led by a member of my executive leadership team. Accountable to them will be a pairing of Celanese and DuPont functional experts who will lead broader integration teams. • We continue to invest in our Engineered Materials growth programs, particularly focused on future mobility, connectivity, and medical. These are high-growth areas where we are confident the opportunity with the acquired M&M portfolio is very significant. • Finally, we are focused on maximizing the strength of our position to finance the acquisition around year end. That includes maximizing cash generation via our earnings performance and working capital management. We will also remain opportunistic in the timing of the debt financing for the transaction as well as continued evaluation of value accretive opportunities to monetize smaller, non-core components of our businesses. We are excited about the opportunity ahead of us to drive accelerated growth at Celanese after closing the M&M acquisition. I have confidence in our ability as a leadership team and organization to execute on the action plan to deliver or exceed the value creation we outlined. We thank you for the trust you place in us as Celanese shareholders and remain committed to delivering continued value creation. 

Sincerely, 

Lori Ryerkerk 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
