To our shareholders

In many ways, 2020 was a year like no other and one that had a significant impact on global supply chains. Over the past year, the world grappled with the health and economic crisis associated with COVID-19, while also facing the ugly reality that racism and racial inequality still exist in our societies.

Normal cadences of life have been disrupted as the world focuses on bringing an end to the COVID-19 pandemic and our communities heal and learn from the devastating events of the past year. C.H. Robinson was impacted by these trends as well, and as we managed through them, we kept our focus on a few key areas. First, ensuring the health, safety and economic security of our employees around the globe. Second, ensuring the continuity and resiliency of our customers’ supply chains so they could deliver the goods that people needed. And finally, harnessing our learnings to emerge stronger as an organization. Through the course of the year, we continued our strategy to invest in growth and showed again and again that we are a resilient organization that is built to rise to the challenges of moments like this. Our technology and our people, suddenly working remotely for most of the year, delivered on our customer promise in exciting and innovative ways to help keep global supply chains moving. When the world faced a global shortage of critical PPE and medical equipment, we ensured that our customers had an efficient and reliable supply chain partner that could execute globally. As consumers rushed to retailers to stock up on supplies early in the pandemic, we were there to help assure the most critical products were available. As e-commerce demand skyrocketed through the pandemic, our teams ensured that customers were able to fulfill inventory in new ways. As small businesses across the U.S. worked to reach customers in new ways so that they could not only survive, but thrive, in this new reality, we were there with our Freightquote by C.H. Robinson platform, giving them access to the world’s most powerful supply chain platform at the click of a button. 2020 Business Results In a year impacted by tremendous volatility in the freight markets and periodic economic shutdowns around the world in response to the global pandemic, we reported total revenues of $16.2 billion, reflecting the strength of our global suite of services and strong market share gains in most of our service lines. The volatility, however, also led to a surge in transportation costs in the second half of 2020, which caused our 2020 adjusted gross profit to decline to $2.4 billion. We took actions at the onset of the pandemic to temporarily reduce some costs, while accelerating our progress on our long-term $100 million cost reduction initiative. This enabled us to deliver $673 million in operating income and $506 million of net income. With a focus on balance sheet strength and maintaining an investment grade credit rating, we finished the year with over $1.2 billion in total liquidity and a net debt/EBITDA ratio of 1.1. In our North American Surface Transportation business, we increased our shipments in a year when industry volumes were down, and we acquired Prime Distribution Services, a leading provider of retail consolidation and warehouse services. Our technology investments and transformation efforts resulted in more opportunities for our customers and carriers to automatically book loads and a substantial increase in our shipments per person per day, as we decoupled the historically linear relationship between volume growth and headcount growth. In our Global Forwarding business, we leveraged our global supply chain expertise and data and scale advantages to help our customers secure capacity in a very tight market. This, combined with our balanced portfolio of contractual and spot business, enabled Global Forwarding to increase total revenues by 33% and operating income by 118%. Our Robinson Fresh® business navigated a challenging year that included lower volume for the foodservice market because of the pandemic, and still delivered a 28% increase in operating income and a 430-basis point improvement in adjusted operating margin. Our Managed Services business delivered a 13% increase in total revenues and a 57% increase in operating income, reflecting the value our customers continue to place on our ability to manage their complex supply chains. And our Europe Surface Transportation business delivered total revenue growth of 4% and a 180-basis point improvement in adjusted operating margin. The performance of our business segments, and the discipline of our shared services teams, led to $775 million of EBITDA in a volatile and challenging year. This enabled us to return $405 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, fund a $223 million acquisition, and reduce our overall debt balance by $142 million. Emerging Stronger Building upon the competitive advantages of our global suite of services, our Navisphere technology platform, our great teams across the globe and our data advantage that we maintain by having $21 billion in freight under management, we are positioned to emerge stronger from 2020 as a smarter, more agile and more competitive organization. We have continued to invest in our business throughout the year. Two years into our five-year commitment of a $1 billion investment in technology, we launched several new or enhanced products such as Procure IQTM and Freightquote by C.H. Robinson, and we announced several strategic partnerships and alliances with companies like Microsoft, Intel and SAS. In what is fast becoming a more digital-first business, we made critical investments to ensure that we are the most connected supply chain platform, and we are now integrated with 20 leading ERP and TMS systems which allow our customers and carriers to do business with us in a more frictionless environment. Across the business and through our innovation accelerator, Robinson Labs, we’re continuing on our journey of launching new capabilities to our customers and carriers while digitizing many of our core processes. While we closed the year with record efficiency in our business, our primary focus remains on growth and continuing to lead the industry we serve. We are uniquely positioned to win and achieve our long-term goals with our broad, global, portfolio of services and our unmatched combination of experience, scale and information advantage. All that has transpired in 2020 will continue to shape the business climate and our lives for years to come. Supply chains across the world continue to be disrupted, and capacity remains tight in both North America trucking and global forwarding as companies work to replenish inventories to more historical norms. Consumer behaviors have likely made a permanent shift towards e-commerce and omnichannel fulfillment. Now more than ever, people realize the immense complexity and importance of our global supply chains and the logistics expertise needed to keep them running. Our services will continue to be in high demand as companies continue to evolve their supply chains to meet these changing dynamics. To our customers, contract carriers, and suppliers, thank you for trusting us to be your global supply chain partner. To our shareholders, thank you for your investment in C.H. Robinson. And to our employees around the world, thank you for rising to the challenges that 2020 presented. As a company, we will stay focused on generating longterm value for our shareholders while keeping a keen focus on supporting our customers, carriers, employees and the communities that we live and work in. We look forward to delivering value for all of them as we emerge stronger in 2021.

Bob Biesterfeld 

President and Chief Executive Officer
