Together, we are empowered

The power of a strong, diverse CHS was evident in fiscal 2021. As external forces challenged one business, other businesses delivered exceptional results. When doors of opportunity opened, our experienced teams quickly leveraged the digitally connected supply chain to give owners access to new markets. And as the world slowly adjusted to living with a pandemic, we were ready to meet returning demand for energy, grain and food ingredients. Our strategically built agronomy portfolio rose to the challenges posed by favorable weather through both harvest and planting seasons, which drove demand for agronomic inputs. Globally sourced crop nutrients and enhanced efficiency fertilizer provided ready supplies of fertilizer and sustainable options to meet crop needs. Innovative crop protection products, local expertise and precision agriculture techniques helped growers optimize results on every acre. Our global grain marketing teams took full advantage of a year of improved trade relations with foreign trade partners and identified new markets for corn, soy, wheat and other crops, sending more grain through our export terminals in the Pacific Northwest than ever before and triggering plans to expand our Myrtle Grove, La., export facility by 30%. We continue to expand our soy processing capacity to meet growing demand for plantbased foods and renewable fuels. While demand shocks caused by the COVID-19 pandemic began to subside, our energy business experienced exceptionally high costs for renewable energy credits and less favorable pricing on crude oil processed by our two refineries. Improved margins in refined fuels helped drive strong third and fourth quarters, but could not completely offset the effects of the severe headwinds faced in the first half of the year by our Energy segment.

The power of our combined businesses, the strength of the cooperative system and the support of our owners delivered a 31% increase in net income over fiscal 2020 and a 35% increase in revenues over fiscal 2020, the highest annual revenues recorded since fiscal 2014. Those results allowed the CHS Board of Directors to authorize cash returns to owners in fiscal 2022 of $150 million, including an estimated $50 million in cash patronage and $100 million in equity redemptions to member cooperatives and individual owners. In the new fiscal year, we are focused on efforts that will enable growth to benefit our owners:

We will empower the people of CHS through inclusive, diverse teams to deliver opportunities for collaboration and growth.

We will transform how we run our businesses to become a stronger, better company.

We will continue investing in our supply chain, in technology and innovation, and in our products and brands to drive growth that supports our owners, customers and communities. 

Thank you for your business and for your commitment to the cooperative system. The power we derive from working together is unmatched and the future is bright. We look forward to ongoing success as we continue creating connections to empower agriculture.

Dan Schurr

Chair, Board of Directors

Jay Debertin

President and Chief Executive Officer
