2021 was a year of both exciting progress and significant challenge for CommScope. Most importantly, in early 2021 we launched CommScope NEXT, a comprehensive transformation plan designed to take our company to the next level of profitable growth. Today, CommScope NEXT’s three areas of focus—portfolio optimization, organic growth and operational efficiency—are guiding everything we do to enhance value for customers and shareholders alike. And CommScope NEXT is already showing signs of early success, such as year-over-year revenue growth, increasing international sales and operational efficiency. Our focus on growth produced a very strong 12% increase in revenue year-over-year in our Core business. Despite this exciting progress, during 2021, we faced new and unexpected setbacks due to rapid price inflation for various input commodities and freight as well as acute shortages of key input components, particularly semiconductor chips. We felt the impact of these unprecedented headwinds on our profitability particularly during the second half of 2021. Our employee base has responded creatively to these challenges, and through their hard work and commitment to success, I am confident we will manage through these short-term pressures and believe we will ultimately finish 2022 as a stronger company. In the meantime, CommScope and our broad portfolio of industryleading technologies are at the center of a connectivity revolution. Forces such as 5G, fiber everywhere, and advanced networking are transforming how the world communicates and interacts. Society’s ongoing digital transformation—accelerated by the pandemic—fueled a 30% increase in global data consumption in 2021 alone. This massive increase is driving the need for network infrastructure upgrades across the board. CommScope remains uniquely positioned to provide its leading combination of innovation, portfolio breadth and depth, global manufacturing and quality control to support customer growth and success as this transformation continues. CommScope NEXT has us focused on sharpening our competitive advantages to ensure we remain the partner of choice for our broad customer base. Through this comprehensive transformation program, we will drive growth opportunities in the markets we serve today and open up the potential for new growth outside our traditional markets. We will endeavor to make CommScope more efficient and more profitable. And we will keep our commitments to our employees and create value for our shareholders. 2021 Financial and Operational Performance During 2021, inflation and supply chain pressures were a major challenge for companies around the world, and CommScope was no exception. While our revenues grew in 2021, our margins were heavily impacted by the inflationary environment. The aggressive cost and pricing actions that we took during the year helped mitigate some of these headwinds, and for the Core business, we ended the year where we started it from an EBITDA perspective. The following are a few of the financial highlights for the fiscal year 2021: - 2021 consolidated sales were $8.59 billion, an increase of 2% compared to 2020, powered by the strong top-line performance of the Core CommScope portfolio (defined as Broadband Networks, Outdoor Wireless Networks and Venue and Campus Networks), which delivered sales of $6.74 billion, representing 12% growth across all these Core segments. - 2021 adjusted EBITDA* was $1.12 billion, a decrease of 8% compared to 2020, mainly driven by macroeconomic challenges impacting the Home Networks segment. However, Core adjusted EBITDA* grew approximately 1% to $1.09 billion, driven by gains in Venue and Campus Networks, but slightly offset by a decline of 4% in Outdoor Wireless Networks due to higher commodities and transport costs. - Adjusted earnings per share* was $1.39, a decrease of 11% compared to 2020. - Cash flow from operations declined to $122 million, driven by supply chain and inflation pressures. We do, however, expect the situation to improve as our pricing initiatives take full effect. Likewise, adjusted free cash flow* of $100 million also represented a significant decline compared to 2020. - Though CommScope ended the year with net leverage of 7.8x due to the decline in adjusted EBITDA, as we shared during our Strategic Transformation Update, we expect continued execution of CommScope NEXT to help drive debt reduction to the range of 6.8x – 7.2x by the end of 2022, and to substantially reduce it to less than 4.0x by the end of 2025. During 2021, we finalized our CommScope NEXT plan that we presented to shareholders and employees in December 2021 at our Strategic Transformation Update. This plan includes over 200 initiatives across all businesses and functions that we expect to deliver an incremental $500 million of run-rate EBITDA by the end of 2023. Supporting this plan are a series of new processes and systems that will ensure accountability to deliver against these initiatives. Highlights The dedication of our CommScope teams led to significant wins and notable successes for each of our business segments during 2021. Just a few examples of this exciting progress include: Broadband Networks - Launching NOVUX as our premier FTTH solution portfolio, designed to help operators scale and shape evolving networks - Partnering with J:COM to deliver the world’s first commercial virtualized 10G-EPON remote OLT in Japan, a priority growing market for CommScope Outdoor Wireless Networks - Introducing 5G-enabling antenna solutions that leverage C-Band and CBRS frequencies, as well as new 360º wind load-reducing designs that optimize wind flow from every direction - Launching HELIAX SkyBlox™ FTTA solutions that enable operators to roll out 5G faster and more efficiently Venue & Campus Networks - Conducting a comprehensive Wi-Fi 6 stress test with Packet6, where our RUCKUS R750 access point outperformed all competitors’ products - CommScope’s Wireless Solutions were added to the U.S. National Security Agency’s Commercial Solutions for Classified Programs List Home Networks - Teaming up with Evoca to deliver converged live and streamed content to customers in the American West with the VIP7802-ATSC Android TV™ set top box, branded Pilot by Evoca - Launching the NVG578LX 2.5G GPON Wi-Fi 6 residential gateway, and partnering with Ziply Fiber for rollout across the northwestern United States An ESG-Focused Transformation Importantly, we’ve continued to transform our business with a focus on environmental and social responsibility. We were included in Newsweek’s list of “America’s Most Responsible Companies,” awarded first-place for our Cultural Inclusivity Campaign during the D&I Summit Awards in India and, for the sixth year in a row, we were awarded “Gold Level” status by EcoVadis, a global leader in monitoring and benchmarking sustainability. We were also recognized by the Juarez City Government for social responsibility and our COVID-19 support efforts in Mexico. Within CommScope, we are excited about the growth in our Diversity & Inclusion Business Network (DIBN). Membership is thriving, our global programming is expanding, and we consistently receive high engagement scores from our global employees. We’re proud of our accomplishments to date, but we know our work is far from over. At CommScope, we believe creating lasting connections for the world can only be accomplished by establishing an environment that promotes growth and inclusion through and through and a culture where all of our employees can thrive. NEXT Steps After more than two years of COVID-related uncertainty, the value of staying connected with the world around us – with our loved ones, our work colleagues, and the Internet – has never seemed more important. COVID has changed many things, and new routines such as on-line learning, remote working and telemedicine are now part of our daily lives. In a changed world, CommScope must change as well, and that is why we are pursuing a broad transformation agenda through CommScope NEXT. Some of our priorities for 2022 include: - Growing our market presence outside of North America - Redefining what’s possible in networks with our significant R&D investments - Emphasizing software, analytics, and cloud capabilities as growth drivers for many of our product lines - Optimizing our supply chain, procurement practices, and manufacturing footprint - Putting CommScope on a sustained path to significantly deleveraging our balance sheet over the coming years We enter our second year of CommScope NEXT on track to deliver on our annual and multi-year targets. Our employees are energized and are an important source of new ideas for improving our company’s performance. Every day, we are learning how to become an even better CommScope for our employees, customers, partners and shareholders. Across CommScope, we are committed to pushing the boundaries of communications technology and meeting the connectivity needs of tomorrow—and to being ready for what’s NEXT. We are very proud to continue to be a critical provider of seamless connectivity solutions for our customers.

Chuck Treadway 

President and Chief Executive Officer
