DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

Fiscal 2021 was a year like none other, and as I reflect on the unprecedented circumstances the year presented, I find my thoughts returning repeatedly to one thing—the incredible team of employees here at Conagra Brands. Because of our dedicated employees, we successfully navigated the incredibly dynamic conditions of the last 12 months. We delivered for our customers, consumers, communities, and you, our shareholders. By executing the Conagra Way day-in and day-out, our team capitalized on an unprecedented time of consumer demand in fiscal 2021. Over the last year, we acquired and retained multiple years’ worth of new consumers and grew share across categories, all while continuing to invest for the future. This translated into strong growth across the portfolio. We saw continued strength in frozen and snacks, as well as increased relevancy for our large staples business. Fiscal 2021 financial highlights include: • Our organic net sales1 growth of 5.1% • A 15.8% increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS). On a two-year CAGR2 basis, adjusted EPS grew 14.6%3 • Early achievement of our net leverage goal4 of 3.6x • An increase of our quarterly dividend by 29% and payment of $475 million in cash dividends to our shareholders I am also proud of our continued focus on social responsibility and sustainability during fiscal 2021. We published our annual Citizenship Report in February 2021, and I encourage you to read the report for more information on Conagra’s progress against key environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives and actions. A few of our team’s accomplishments in the past year include the following. Diversity and Inclusion Goals: In furtherance of our work to have the most impactful, energized and inclusive culture in food, Conagra set ambitious representation and retention goals during fiscal 2021, including doubling the representation of people of color in management and middle-management roles and having at least 40% of management-level roles held by women within the next five years. Sustainable Development Awards: Now in its 12th consecutive year, the Sustainable Development Awards is a Conagra employee-led program that encourages the development and implementation of innovative ideas related to sustainable production and business practices. During fiscal 2021, employees submitted more than 200 sustainability-focused projects that generated the following results on an annual basis: • Decreased the company’s carbon footprint by 90,100 metric tons • Conserved 64 million gallons of water • Reduced waste by 12,300 tons • Minimized material use by 17.6 million pounds Food Donations: Conagra continued its longstanding partnership with Feeding America, the nation’s leading hunger relief nonprofit, to impact hunger and food insecurity where our employees live and work. During fiscal 2021, we donated 30 million pounds of food to Feeding America and its network of food banks, which is the equivalent of 25 million meals. As we now enter fiscal 2022, we believe we have a unique opportunity to leverage our current momentum and maximize our long-term value creation potential. New behaviors and habits created during the COVID-19 pandemic have resulted in an elevated and, we believe, sustained level of at-home eating. Shoppers are engaging or re-engaging with our products now more than ever. To sustain this engagement, we plan to continue making investments in the physical and mental availability of our products. We are building capacity to fulfill consumer demand, making further strategic eCommerce investments, pursuing efficient and thoughtful marketing campaigns, and introducing another robust innovation slate. As we invest in our brands to create new and stronger connection with our consumers, we will also strategically navigate the inflationary environment that has recently accelerated and continues as we begin fiscal 2022. We will host an investor meeting in spring of 2022 where we will share Conagra’s longer-term outlook. In summary, I’m proud of how the entire Conagra Brands team responded to fiscal 2021’s dynamic environment. Our strong results—both in the absolute and relative to competition—reflect the team’s dedication to executing the Conagra Way each day. Our business remains very strong, and we believe we are well-positioned to deliver long-term sustainable, profitable growth. On behalf of everyone at Conagra Brands, I thank you for your continued support. 

Sincerely,

Sean M. Connolly

President and Chief Executive Officer
