DEAR SHAREHOLDERS

In what was one of the most challenging years in recent memory, our business, our brands, our people, and our communities were tested in ways we could not have predicted. But best-in-class companies prove to be resilient and adaptable in times of uncertainty. I am extremely proud to say this was certainly the case for our Constellation Brands team in Fiscal 2021. Our team’s agility, passion, and relentless focus on the consumer—aided by the strength and support of our distributor and retailer partners—allowed us to overcome many headwinds to deliver an exceptional performance. At the onset of the pandemic, we committed to making decisions that prioritized the physical and economic safety, health and well-being of our employees and to continue to manage our business with discipline, ensuring appropriate balance between short-term needs and positioning our company for long-term growth. As a result, we enter Fiscal 2022 from a position of strength and are well-equipped to execute against our strategic vision to drive sustainable, long-term success for our business and deliver meaningful returns to our shareholders. During Fiscal 2021, we achieved strong earnings growth and generated record free cash flow, while significantly reducing debt. This strong performance was anchored by our Beer business, which delivered double-digit operating income and net sales growth of 8%, marking the 11th consecutive year of growth for this business and reinforcing our leadership position in the high-end of the U.S. Beer market. We drove exceptional performance across our Beer portfolio, led by Modelo Especial, which grew double digits to surpass 145 million cases sold, making it the only imported beer to ever surpass 10 million barrels in volume.(1) Modelo Especial is now the #3 best-selling beer in the U.S., with ample runway for continued growth in the years ahead. Corona Extra, the #6 best-selling beer in the U.S., continues to be one of the country’s most loved brands. Corona Extra grew IRI dollar sales by 11%, surpassing $2 billion in retail sales last year. And recent brand extensions that align with the emerging consumer betterment trend such as Corona Premier (depletions up nearly 20% in Fiscal 2021) and Corona Hard Seltzer (the most successful new product launch in company history) were major contributors to growth for the Corona Brand Family. Our Wine & Spirits consumer-led premiumization strategy continued to gain traction during the fiscal year. Our divestiture of a number of lower-end wine brands positions this business for enhanced growth and profitability going forward. Our retained Wine & Spirits portfolio delivered net sales growth for the fiscal year, driven by double-digit volume growth for Meiomi, Kim Crawford, and The Prisoner Wine Company Brand Family. Impactful innovations including Meiomi Cabernet Sauvignon, Kim Crawford Illuminate and The Prisoner Unshackled (which became the #1 high-end new brand in IRI channels for fiscal 2021) also contributed to growth. Canopy Growth Corporation has made significant progress in strengthening its position in core markets and taking steps to prepare for legalization of cannabis in the U.S. Canopy’s successful rollout of cannabis beverages, as well as other Rec 2.0(2) products, has helped Canopy gain momentum. During the year, Canopy had the top three beverages in the Canadian recreational market,(3) and has recently introduced its popular Quatreau CBD beverages in the U.S. Canopy’s Storz & Bickel, BioSteel, and Martha Stewart-branded products also gained traction throughout the year.(4) In addition to driving our business forward, our team also stepped up to help industry partners and communities impacted by the pandemic and natural disasters, and to play an active role in combatting social injustice in the U.S. With the support of our brands, the company has contributed nearly $6 million to assist industry partners and underserved communities impacted by the pandemic. We committed $10 million to the Clear Vision Fund, designed to invest in minorityowned businesses, primarily those operating in underserved Black and Latinx communities. This contribution is part of our broader commitment to invest $100 million over the next 10 years in Black, Latinx, and minority-owned businesses in the beverage alcohol space and adjacent categories. And we’ve taken steps to create forums for discussion, awareness-building, education, and allyship in support of our Asian colleagues in response to the disturbing trend of violence against members of the Asian community in the U.S. As we look ahead, our goal is to consistently deliver industry-leading total shareholder returns over the long-term. We will accomplish this with a focus on a few key pillars: • Continue building strong brands people love with advantaged routes to market. • Build a culture that is consumer-obsessed and leverages robust innovation capabilities to stay on the forefront of consumer trends. • Deliver on impactful ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) initiatives that we believe are not only good business, but also good for the world. We have daring ambitions for the future. But it is our team’s proven ability to be bold, courageous brand builders dedicated to delivering what’s next that gives me confidence that Constellation will remain a relentless growth story for years to come. I want to thank our employees, partners, and shareholders for your continued confidence and support as we strive to build a company that, in all aspects, is truly Worth Reaching For.

Bill Newlands 

President & CEO
