Con Edison is committed to evolving our business, advancing our communities, and defending the environment. As the climate crisis has deepened, so have our efforts to create the clean energy future, now. We’re ensuring the benefits reach everyone equitably, including historically disadvantaged neighborhoods, by partnering with our customers, our employees, our regulators, and other key stakeholders. Our work is guided by three priorities: safety, operational excellence, and the customer experience. In all we do, we ask: Are we doing business in the safest way possible for our people and the public? Are we operating our complex energy delivery systems in a manner that best serves our communities? And, are we delivering the kinds of experiences and services our customers need and deserve? We apply these priorities, 24/7, with sustainability at the forefront of our thinking. Our long-term success depends on people, planet, and profit. We invest in people by creating a more diverse, equitable, and inclusive workforce, and by putting resources into underserved communities. We protect the environment with our ambitious Clean Energy Commitment. And, we maintain a strong financial base while pursuing growth as we transition to a clean energy future. These actions strengthen our company and region, bringing societal and shareholder value. I am proud to report dividend growth for the 48th consecutive year—the longest record of any energy company in the S&P 500. You’re seeing a 6-cent increase over 2021, to $3.16 per share. SAFETY: OUR BEDROCK Despite the uncertainties brought by the pandemic, our employees rose to 2021’s challenges, protecting themselves and the public. Safety is the foundation of all we do. Our focus has resulted in 70 percent fewer employee injuries since 2009, and we continue to strive for a zero-harm workplace. Our new Safety Leadership System for employees, which we’ve employed in several of our major operational groups, has led to a decrease in operating errors as well as one of the strongest safety ratings in company history. Our impressive people continue to find ever-more innovative ways to safeguard themselves from energized equipment. They’ve developed a first-of-its-kind robot that protects station operators when working with circuit breakers and a lone-worker device that uses smart sensors and GPS to send out alerts if an operator experiences trouble. Simultaneously, we remain committed to keeping the public safe. We continue to replace and repair leak-prone gas mains, reducing risk and cutting methane emissions. We’ve installed more than 86,000 natural gas detectors that monitor the atmosphere where our gas pipes enter customers’ homes and buildings and automatically alert our emergency responders. To make our electricdelivery systems safer, we’re using smart meter data to develop algorithms to detect deficiencies in our network, improving reliability and avoiding potential electrical shocks. And our 3D model of the 91-mile steam system allows our teams to better identify and address potential problems caused by heavy rain and flash flooding. OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE: OUR BACKBONE Operational excellence is at our core. It is the rigor and procedures we use to design, build, and operate our energy systems. This work begins with cyber and physical security. We invest in cybersecurity to protect customers’ personal information and our assets. We regularly train employees on potential cyber and insider threats, collaborating with government and industry partners. In 2021, we completed major physical security upgrades at many company facilities. To maintain our world-class reliability, we invest around $3.5 billion every year on our electric-, gas-, and steam-delivery systems. We use a risk-based approach to target those investments that provide the most value. We seek to continuously improve during blue-sky days as well as emergencies. As part of our work to enhance our storm-outage response, we’ve purchased 90 bucket trucks that are ready for utility workers who fly in from across the nation, avoiding timeconsuming drives and positioning them to restore service to our customers sooner. Our rate requests submitted this year will help fund our Clean Energy Commitment in support of New York state’s climate goals and enable us to strengthen and upgrade our infrastructure. THE CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE: OUR SIGHTLINE Seeing from the perspective of our customers allows us to create the best customer experiences. We know the pandemic and all its ramifications have caused incredible hardships for many of our customers. For those who are struggling financially, we’ve increased our outreach. We are offering flexible payment agreements and pointing people to additional resources. By the end of this year, we will have installed more than 5 million smart meters. These devices continue to be a critical tool that customers can use to better understand and lower their energy use. Smart meters also enable conservation voltage optimization, allowing our engineers to ensure customers receive exactly the energy they need and no more, reducing customer bills and lowering carbon emissions. Another way we improve lives is by streamlining our processes with digital tools. Customers can now more easily manage multiple accounts online; interact with Watt, our virtual assistant, for services like stopping and starting service; and do so much more digitally. We’ve made progress on improving digital accessibility for our customers with disabilities. With extensive customer feedback, we’ve also developed a new bill design offering more information and an improved interface. GOLD STANDARD OF CLIMATE WORK While much of the world has been responding to the recent devastating results of climate change— extreme heat, floods, and wildfires—Con Edison has been working to lessen the impact of increasingly severe weather for many years. We’ve invested more than $1 billion over the last decade to fortify our infrastructure, which has avoided hundreds of thousands of outages. We also partnered with Columbia University on a climate change study to assess our vulnerabilities, modeling a variety of future scenarios for sea-level rise, heat waves, and other hazards. Experts who spoke with the New York Times called our study “the gold standard” for our industry. Today, we’re implementing an action plan based on these findings. We’ll invest an additional $2 billion by 2030 for climate resiliency and adaptation, including burying overhead lines that are vulnerable to storms. OUR CLEAN ENERGY COMMITMENT In addition to adapting our energy delivery systems for more frequent, severe weather, Con Edison has an important part to play in mitigating climate change by reducing carbon emissions. Our Clean Energy Commitment is our roadmap. We’ll go forward by driving toward a net-zero economy by 2050, specifically by advancing the electrification of heating and transit powered by clean energy sources, such as wind and solar. We’ll continue to promote energy efficiency upgrades to our customers, and we will build and operate the most resilient, reliable, and innovative infrastructure. Building the Grid of the Future The grid of the future must bring more clean power to our customers. We are building this grid now to accommodate 100% clean energy by 2040. Offshore wind’s value will only grow. Our company will connect many future offshore wind projects to the grid. They will be especially important where we expect electric use to grow as customers move away from fossil fuels. As part of this work, our Reliable Clean City transmission line projects will create infrastructure that connects our customers to power to be generated by offshore wind and allows for the retirement of the city’s most-polluting generating plants. Meanwhile, we’ll continue to make it as easy as possible for customers to link their rooftop solar installations to the grid. Today, our region has more than 50,000 such installations, and our engineers continue to innovate to enhance their reliability and seamless integration into the grid. We’re making sure solar power is accessible to disadvantaged communities. We have installed solar panels on the roofs of New York Citysubsidized apartment complexes. While drawing power from the sun, the units provide billing discounts to tenants. Moreover, the solar panel installers are residents of those same buildings, who were trained through our partnerships with nonprofits dedicated to increasing the green collar workforce. Energy storage will be paramount to the renewables-centric future. We are encouraging 1,000 MWs of battery storage capacity, including grid-scale projects and smaller customer-sited systems. By 2023, a battery storage project in Astoria, Queens, will be able to discharge 100 MWs of electricity—the largest battery in our state’s history. We completed another large-scale battery storage project in Rockland County. And we’ve partnered with a solar panel and battery storage developer on a virtual power plant. All of this will help New York state meet its target of 70% electricity supply from renewables by 2030. Our commitment extends to our own facilities. We plan to provide 100% clean power to our own buildings by 2030, and to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from our steam co-generation plants to net-zero by 2040. Our efforts build on our history of environmental stewardship: We’ve reduced our direct greenhouse gas emissions by more than 50% since 2005. Broadening the Reach of Our Commitment Our Clean Energy Businesses have made us the second-largest solar owner in North America with 130 projects across 20 states. Last year, we constructed just over 440 MWs of renewable assets across the nation. Between 2021 and 2023, we’ll have invested more than $1 billion in renewable energy. Our expertise in developing and operating renewables is why we are advocating for the ability to do so right here in New York state. We’re also pursuing growth through Con Edison Transmission. We plan to invest $1 billion by 2030 to support clean energy and enhance reliability and resilience. Through a partnership with New York Transco, we are constructing a transmission line to increase power flow from Upstate New York to our region. We also are pursuing several transmission projects, including one that would bring offshore wind generation from Long Island to residents in other areas of New York and another to bring generation from offshore into New Jersey. Reinforcing Energy Efficiency: The Foundation of Clean Energy Part of our mission is to empower all our customers to meet their climate goals. To do so, we are aggressively pursuing reductions in overall energy use by tripling our energy efficiency programs. We will invest $1.5 billion in this work by 2025. Our incentives help homeowners and businesses install energy-efficient lighting, cooling, and heating systems. Since 2009, more than 2.5 million customers have upgraded to more efficient equipment, saving 11 million metric tons of carbon emissions. We’re making sure everyone can be more energy efficient. We’ve enabled more than 2,100 affordable housing buildings to participate in savings in the last three years. Buildings are the largest source of New York City’s carbon emissions. To realize the carbon-free future, we are encouraging deep energy-efficiency retrofits with incentives allowing building owners to electrify their heating, water heating, and other energy-intensive systems. We aim to reach 150,000 buildings by 2030. Helping to make our work possible are graduates of Clean Energy Academy, which develops green collar workers in underserved communities through our new partnership with an energysolutions provider, nonprofit organizations, and New York state. Reimagining the Future of Our Gas Infrastructure While we believe there are benefits to maintaining a gas-delivery system, our company is committed to significantly reducing the amount of gas it delivers. We are planning for a future where most building heating systems will be electrified, and we support building codes to phase out natural gas in new construction. We’re reimagining our gas infrastructure and envisioning what other kinds of clean energy it might one day distribute. To cultivate clean energy sources, we’re investing $100 million in research and development. For hard-to-electrify buildings, we’re examining a low-carbon fuel portfolio, including renewable natural gas, green hydrogen, and carbon capture and storage. Speeding Up Electric Vehicle Adoption One of the biggest shifts that society can make toward a clean energy future will be achieved with electric vehicles. We are revving up the market by helping to put charging stations everywhere. That infrastructure gives consumers the confidence to purchase EVs and know they can power up at their convenience. In July, our work enabled the largest universal fast-charging station in the country to open in Brooklyn. It’s part of a program that will help increase by tenfold the number of charging plugs in the area by 2025. Our Clean Energy Commitment outlines longer-range plans to support the installation of 400,000 charging spots by 2035 and a total of 1 million spots by 2050. We’re leading by example, too. Con Edison is purchasing only electric vehicles for its light-duty fleet, with a goal of an all-electric fleet by 2035. We also invested in the development of the first electric bucket truck in the nation, which we’ll begin using next year. Con Edison Annual Report 2021 Broadening the Reach of Our Commitment Our Clean Energy Businesses have made us the second-largest solar owner in North America, with 130 projects across 20 states. Last year, we constructed just over 440 MWs of renewable assets across the nation. Between 2020 and 2022, we’ll have invested $1.3 billion in renewable energy. We are advocating for the ability to own and operate renewables right here in New York state so we can apply our expertise to achieve aggressive clean energy goals in a cost-effective way for our customers. Earlier this year, we announced we are exploring strategic alternatives for the Clean Energy Businesses. We’re also pursuing growth through Con Edison Transmission. We plan to invest $1 billion by 2030 to support clean energy and enhance reliability and resilience. Through a partnership with New York Transco, we are constructing a transmission line to increase power flow from Upstate New York to our region. We are also pursuing several transmission projects, including one that would bring offshore wind generation from Long Island to residents in other areas of New York. Another project would bring generation from offshore into New Jersey, and a third would deliver renewable power generated in northern Maine to the New England transmission system in southern Maine. Reinforcing Energy Efficiency: The Foundation of Clean Energy Part of our mission is to empower all our customers to meet their climate goals. To do so, we are aggressively pursuing reductions in overall energy use by tripling our energy efficiency programs. We will invest $1.5 billion in this work by 2025. Our incentives help homeowners and businesses install energy-efficient lighting, cooling, and heating systems. Since 2009, more than 2.5 million customers have upgraded to more efficient equipment, saving 11 million metric tons of carbon emissions. We’re making sure everyone can be more energy efficient. We’ve enabled more than 2,100 affordable housing buildings to participate in savings in the last three years. Buildings are the largest source of New York City’s carbon emissions. To realize the carbon-free future, we are encouraging deep energy-efficiency retrofits with incentives allowing building owners to electrify their heating, water heating, and other energy-intensive systems. We aim to reach 150,000 buildings by 2030. Helping to make our work possible are graduates of Clean Energy Academy, which develops green collar workers in underserved communities through our new partnership with an energysolutions provider, nonprofit organizations, and New York state. Reimagining the Future of Our Gas Infrastructure While we believe there are benefits to maintaining a gas-delivery system, our company is committed to significantly reducing the amount of gas it delivers. We are planning for a future where most building heating systems will be electrified, and we support building codes to phase out natural gas in new construction. We’re reimagining our gas infrastructure and envisioning what other kinds of clean energy it might one day distribute. To cultivate clean energy sources, we’re investing $100 million in research and development. For hard-to-electrify buildings, we’re examining a low-carbon fuel portfolio, including renewable natural gas, green hydrogen, and carbon capture and storage. Speeding Up Electric Vehicle Adoption One of the biggest shifts that society can make toward a clean energy future will be achieved with electric vehicles. We are revving up the market by helping to put charging stations everywhere. That infrastructure gives consumers the confidence to purchase EVs and know they can power up at their convenience. In July, our work enabled the largest universal fast-charging station in the country to open in Brooklyn. It’s part of a program that will help increase by tenfold the number of charging plugs in the area by 2025. Our Clean Energy Commitment outlines longer-range plans to support the installation of 400,000 charging spots by 2035 and a total of 1 million spots by 2050. We’re leading by example, too. Con Edison is purchasing only electric vehicles for its light-duty fleet, with a goal of an all-electric fleet by 2035. We also invested in the development of the first electric bucket truck in the nation, which we’ll begin using next year. OUR PEOPLE, OUR COMMUNITIES, & A MORE EQUITABLE SOCIETY Our people never fail to persevere. As they continue to grapple with the pandemic, reconcile inequities, and face relentless weather, our people show up, innovate, and give back. New York City recognized our heroism when we marched in the Hometown Heroes parade for essential workers last year. As the region endured intense heat and tropical storms over the summer, our teams again proved their ability to problem solve in unprecedented times. Hurricane Ida dumped one month’s worth of rain in an hour. We worked quickly to restore service to affected customers and have accelerated work to make our equipment more resilient to flooding. We continued to implement our diversity, equity, and inclusion strategy and action plan, with more than half of us participating in expanded training. The company tied diversity, equity, and inclusion metrics to executive compensation. Diversity Inc. and Military Times lauded our work again, and a social justice group named us one of the nation’s Top 10 companies for diversity and inclusion policies. We continue to collaborate with partners who provide training for women in nontraditional careers. And, we targeted $300 million to minorityand women-owned businesses through our Supplier Diversity Program. Seeing our communities thrive remains a priority. Last year, we provided $12.6 million to more than 600 nonprofits. The summer’s Arts al Fresco gave COVID-weary families across the region a safe way to enjoy outdoor arts. We set aside $600,000 for food stability grants to fill a continuing need. Our support for environmental groups grew for the fourth year, with a focus on nonprofits committed to environmental justice and helping disadvantaged communities. EXCITED FOR THE FUTURE As we chart our future, we will continue to maintain our low-risk, low-volatility business model. In 2020, we issued our first green bonds. At the time, it was the largest green offering: $1.6 billion comprised of 10- and 30-year bonds. Because the offering was well-received, last year we offered $750 million in 40-year bonds. The proceeds are going to clean energy investments. Our strong corporate governance practices and board with its diverse skills, ethnicity, and gender makeup will keep us sustainable. With our three priorities in mind and our strong financial underpinnings, we will drive the transition ahead. We remain committed to policies that create a more equitable clean energy future for all. These goals go hand in hand with our environment, social, and governance strategy. We continue to look for ways to lead among our peers, increase our transparency in associated disclosures, and integrate stakeholder feedback. Though 2021 brought challenges, we realized many successes and made inroads into bettering society, protecting the planet, leading the way into the clean energy future, and delivering value to our shareholders. The progress we’ve made to date makes me very excited about our future. Thank you for your support and confidence.

Timothy P. Crawley

Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
