To Our Shareholders: In 2021, our execution resulted in year-over-year sales growth in all five reportable segments, with double-digit percentage increases in four out of the five. Throughout the year, we strengthened strategic partnerships with industry leaders, entered new product categories, and scaled operations to meet growing customer demand. We’ve entered 2022 with strong momentum and expect to grow core net sales to $15 billion for the full year, with profit growing even faster. Our company is performing well in a challenging environment, leveraging our fundamental capabilities and our “More Corning” strategy to capture a compelling set of short- and long-term opportunities across our portfolio. Our scientific and manufacturing expertise and our commitment to purposeful invention put Corning at the center of major industry transformations touching almost every facet of human life. Most importantly, we continue to build a stronger, more resilient company – one that is well positioned to continue creating value for our shareholders while supporting our customers, people, and communities for generations to come. Financial Results In 2021, we generated more than $14 billion in core net sales. This represents a 23% increase from 2020 and a 21% increase from our 2019 pre-pandemic results. We delivered $2.07 in core earnings per share, an increase of 49% compared with 2020 and an 18% increase compared with 2019. We nearly doubled free cash flow year over year to $1.8 billion, with a 97% conversion rate. All of that said, our gross margin is simply not where it should be. Throughout the pandemic, we have prioritized protecting our people and delivering for customers in a complex, inflationary environment, and it has come at a cost. Therefore, we have negotiated with customers to increase prices in our long-term contracts to more appropriately share the increased costs we are experiencing. We are focused on expanding our gross margin and expect improvement in 2022 as our sales grow and our price actions take hold throughout the year. I’ll also note that we continue to utilize our strong cash generation to invest for the growth we see ahead and to create value for our shareholders through dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. Our investments have been delivering high returns; in 2021, we achieved a double-digit ROIC percentage. We also repurchased 5% of outstanding shares while increasing the quarterly dividend on our common stock from $0.22 per share to $0.24 per share. In early 2022, we announced a further increase to $0.27 per share, a 12.5% increase versus the company’s previous quarterly common stock dividend. Our commitment to rewarding shareholders will continue throughout 2022 and beyond. Strategy and Capabilities Now, let’s take a closer look at our execution in 2021. I’ll begin by reviewing what Corning does and what we stand for. We lead in capabilities that are vital to progress, which positions us to create ongoing value by inventing life-changing products, developing advantaged manufacturing platforms, and building strong, trust-based customer relationships with some of the most innovative and successful companies in the world. We know from more than 170 years of experience that technologies reach limits, that new trends emerge, and that we must anticipate and evolve to address significant trends to remain relevant. Our long-term strategy is built on a complementary set of technical capabilities in glass science, ceramic science, and optical physics, combined with four proprietary manufacturing and engineering platforms. We are leaders in each. Capturing synergies among them allows us to create breakthrough products and processes for our customers, improve the return on our innovation investment, and reduce our capital intensity. What we do requires deep expertise, proprietary equipment and processes, large-scale manufacturing, and sustained investments in research and development. It also requires patience and perseverance. The results are worth it. Our products clean the air we breathe; connect people to information, services, and each other; provide the window through which we access information and entertainment; and help facilitate the discovery and delivery of lifesaving medicines. As we partner closely with our customers to realize their visions and help solve their toughest technology challenges, we unlock new ways to integrate more of our content into their ecosystems. This “More Corning” approach provides a powerful value-creation lever. We aren’t relying on people buying more stuff; we’re driving more Corning content into the products they’re already buying. Strategy in Action We’re focusing our capabilities on five key areas where we can have the biggest impact – our Market-Access Platforms: Optical Communications, Life Sciences, Automotive, Mobile Consumer Electronics, and Display. In 2021, we strengthened our leadership across each while continuing to advance strategic growth initiatives. In Optical Communications, we’ve returned to growth – with sales up 22% in 2021. We continued to build on our extensive track record of providing flexible, scalable network solutions that allow customers to speed installations, expand capabilities, and reduce costs. The newest additions to our Evolv™ portfolio provide enhanced fiber-deployment flexibility and enable lower cost and faster deployment to rural areas. Our EDGE™ Rapid Connect solutions help hyperscale customers interconnect their data centers up to 70% faster than legacy cabling methods. In addition, our Everon™ Millimeter-Wave indoor small-cell systems deliver 5G-ready coverage in high-density environments, such as office buildings, hotels, hospitals, and classrooms. We also began working even more closely with industry players at the regional and national levels, including expanding our longtime collaboration with AT&T. Looking ahead, we believe the industry is at the beginning of a large, multiyear wave of growth for passive optical networks. Project momentum is strong across our customer base, and governments around the world are investing to extend the reach of broadband to more people in more places. As the U.S. infrastructure plan rolls out, it could add as much as $1 billion per year to the market, starting as early as 2023. We believe private carrier and public infrastructure investments will push the market into double-digit growth over the next few years. Corning is well positioned to capture a significant portion of this growth. In Life Sciences, we’re also delivering more Corning content into the market, with all-time-high annual sales for the Life Sciences segment of more than $1.2 billion, up 24% in 2021. At the same time, we made progress on our multibillion-dollar content opportunity in our pharmaceutical packaging business. We recently introduced Corning Velocity® Vials. These vials are helping industry-leading drugmakers increase efficiency and throughput to drive faster manufacturing of vaccines to help meet global demand. Velocity joins Corning Valor® Glass and our pharmaceutical glass tubing as we build a comprehensive, end-to-end pharmaceutical packaging portfolio. In fact, our portfolio has enabled the delivery of more than 5 billion doses of COVID-19 vaccines to date. Additionally, in early 2022, West Pharmaceutical Services, a global leader in injectable-drug administration, announced a long-term supply agreement and technology investment in Corning to enhance injectable-drug packaging systems. In total, we’ve entered this year with a significantly larger global footprint in Life Sciences and expect continued growth. In Automotive, 2021 sales in our Environmental Technologies segment increased 16% to reach an alltime-high $1.6 billion, despite lower car sales related to semiconductor chip shortages. Daimler launched the MBUX Hyperscreen in the Mercedes-Benz EQS. The dashboard display features a Corning® Gorilla® Glass cover nearly 5 feet wide. Building on this momentum, we entered a new automotive product category with our Curved Mirror Solutions. This innovation is enabling the augmented reality head-up display in Hyundai’s electric crossover, the IONIQ 5. And Jeep announced a product that brings our tough technical glass to its vehicles. The Jeep Performance Parts windshield featuring Gorilla Glass is now a factory-installed option on the Jeep® Wrangler and Jeep® Gladiator. The contributions of our gasoline particulate filter business also provide a strong illustration of our “More Corning” approach in action. Tighter emissions regulations continue to provide a strong content opportunity for our environmental solutions. Our newest generation of gasoline particulate filters helps vehicles, including hybrids, achieve even lower levels of fine-particulate tailpipe emissions. Looking ahead, we’re excited about our advancements toward capturing a $100-per-car content opportunity, driven by trends that are reshaping the auto industry and reimagining the car. In Mobile Consumer Electronics, 2021 sales in Specialty Materials were up 7% year over year and we surpassed $2 billion in annual sales. Since 2016, the segment has added nearly $900 million on a base of slightly more than $1.1 billion in a smartphone market that has been flat to down. We continue to see strong demand for our premium products, including Ceramic Shield and Corning® Gorilla® Glass Victus®. In 2021, more than 125 device models – including smartphones, wearables, tablets, and laptops – launched featuring Corning® Gorilla® Glass. We also expanded our capabilities into a new product category by introducing Corning® Gorilla® Glass with DX and Corning® Gorilla® Glass with DX+ to optimize mobile phone cameras, creating an attractive opportunity to increase our revenue per device. And demand remained strong for our Advanced Optics content used in semiconductor manufacturing. During the year, Apple also awarded Corning an additional $45 million from its Advanced Manufacturing Fund; to date, Corning has received $495 million from Apple's fund. Moving into 2022, our “More Corning” approach continues to help our customers deliver new value to their users as we deploy more of our content in each device sold. In Display, our leadership in large glass substrates puts us in a position of strength. 2021 sales grew 17% to $3.7 billion. Our volume exceeded glass market growth as we ramped Gen 10.5 facilities that supply glass for large-size TVs, which are expected to grow at a high-teens compound annual growth rate over the next several years. In 2022, we expect overall glass supply to remain tight to balanced and the pricing environment to remain favorable. We continue to believe the retail market will grow, led by higher TV unit sales and growth in average screen size. Living our Values Across our markets, our long-term growth drivers are strong. Our inventions continue to make a positive impact, and they underscore our commitment to moving the world forward in everything we do. Let me give you some examples outside of the operational context. In 2021: • Our Office of Racial Equality and Social Unity continued to advance initiatives that we believe will benefit communities of color for generations. We kicked off a five-year, $5.5 million partnership with the nation’s largest historically Black university, North Carolina Agricultural and Technical State University, to help prepare students for STEM careers. Also in North Carolina, we funded students in Edgecombe County Public Schools’ Scholar Teachers Program, which focuses on recruiting high-quality, diverse teachers, and in New York, we sponsored the launch of the Finger Lakes Youth Forum for students at local high schools to talk about difficult topics. In addition, our Corning Black Employees Network hosted events for Martin Luther King Jr. Day and Black History Month to unify and empower employees. And as a company, we heightened our emphasis on diverse hiring, robust candidate slates, and succession planning and we were proud to achieve gender pay equity globally for salaried employees. • To enhance our commitment to environmental sustainability, we established greenhouse gas goals that align with the Paris Agreement. We also created a center of excellence focused on setting and attaining the company’s sustainability and climate goals, appointed a vice president of sustainability and climate initiatives, and published our inaugural Sustainability Report, prepared in reference to the Global Reporting Initiative’s standards. We recently followed up with our second annual Sustainability Report, which can be found here. • Finally, we remain committed to protecting our employees and communities through the ongoing pandemic. In 2021, we hosted COVID-19 vaccination clinics at sites around the world, including Mexico, South Korea, China, and the U.S. In Reynosa, Mexico, for example, we helped administer well over 100,000 doses of vaccines and boosters to employees and community members. And we’ve provided more than 200,000 diagnostic tests for employees around the world. It’s easy to see why Corning is such a special company. The inventiveness, ingenuity, and unwavering commitment of our more than 61,000 talented and dedicated employees has allowed us to execute well amid a global pandemic and complex operating environment – all while supporting each other to keep Corning strong. I also would like to thank Tony Tripeny, who retired as Corning’s chief financial officer in early 2022. I am grateful for Tony’s exceptional service during his 36 years with the company, and particularly for the trust he’s helped build among our employees and investors. The strong position we’re in today certainly reflects the many contributions he’s made. At the same time, I’m excited to be working with Ed Schlesinger in his new role as CFO. Ed has long played a key role in the growth and financial strength of our company, working closely with Tony and me. I look forward to the important contributions Ed will make in his new position. Looking to the Future Corning’s performance in 2021 demonstrates the strength of our position today and – as we continue to harness the power of our portfolio – our potential to keep making a difference tomorrow. We believe our greatest contributions are yet to come. And we feel confident that the progress we’ll advance in the years and decades ahead will create value for our stakeholders and have a meaningful impact in helping move society forward. I want to thank our shareholders for joining us on this journey. We’re working hard every day to keep your trust and reward your confidence in us. 

Sincerely,

Wendell P. Weeks 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
