TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS:  In 2021, Corteva’s global team successfully executed on our strategic and financial priorities to deliver value for our shareholders, customers, employees, and the communities in which we operate. Our core differentiators – an industry-leading innovation pipeline, unmatched distribution capabilities, and supply chain agility – coupled with our focus on operational excellence and disciplined capital allocation enabled us to finish the year with double-digit sales and earnings growth, meaningful margin expansion, and a solid balance sheet. Agriculture fundamentals remain attractive with healthy farmer income levels and resilient customer demand. At the same time, global macroeconomic challenges persist. Our priorities for 2022 are straightforward and reflective of our operating environment – execute our balanced plan to deliver above-market growth and margin expansion, which will enable continued value creation. Differentiated Technology Driving Strong Sales Gains and Sustainable Margin Expansion Broad-based net sales and organic1 growth, with increases across all segments and geographies, illustrated the value of Corteva's industry-leading portfolio and determination of a global team intent on capturing it. POWER OF INNOVATION DRIVES CUSTOMER DEMAND Corteva is well positioned to deliver on increasing demand for high-value technologies through the company’s balanced and diverse portfolio of technologies that address pressing customer challenges across a variety of regions and crops. The Enlist® weed control system continues to demonstrate its power as a growth catalyst, providing a proprietary seed solution through Enlist E3®3 soybeans, together with its Enlist One® and Enlist Duo® herbicides. The company delivered $870 million of total system sales for Enlist® in 2021 – nearly double 2020 sales. Herbicide sales reached $335 million in 2021 – exceeding the company’s initial target two years ahead of plans, a testimony to customer demand. Corteva also expects demand to build in its Enlist E3®3 soybeans, and anticipates market penetration in the U.S. of approximately 40% in 2022. In Seed, we strengthened our leadership position through the company’s price for value strategy, reflected by pricing execution on the ongoing strength of our technology. We continued to optimize yield advantage and leveraged our multichannel distribution capabilities across our seed brands to bring greater choice and value to farmers. This focus enabled organic1 growth and share gains in Pioneer® brand corn and soybeans, coupled with Brevant™ brand corn in the U.S. during the year. Crop Protection gains in 2021 were driven by increased penetration of new products including Enlist®, Arylex™, and Isoclast™ – with sales from new product launches exceeding $1.4 billion, which represented a more than 40% increase year over year. We also continue to have a robust new and differentiated Crop Protection pipeline, with 220 registration approvals in 66 countries in 2021. Broadly, our pipeline and the global innovation capabilities behind it are bolstering the growth we are delivering across our portfolio, while driving customer demand for solutions that are locally adapted. We delivered on our commitment to margin expansion in the face of industry-wide supply chain disruptions and persistent cost inflation. Strong pricing and volume gains on our technology more than offset market-driven cost headwinds and we continued to progress cost actions. Meeting Demand for Sustainable Solutions Sustainable innovation remains core to our business model as customers continue to demand improved outcomes. We are building on germplasm advantages in seed and technology leadership positions in green chemistry. Additionally, we are making important progress in emerging sectors, such as biologicals – building on the company’s crop protection strengths and know-how to develop a robust set of innovative, sustainable solutions for farmers. Our proprietary digital technologies are helping to advance sustainable agriculture across both segments as an important aspect of our integrated customer offering. LandVisor™ solution is a primary example of this integrated solutions approach that brings together crop protection products and digital technologies. LandVisor™ solution delivers insights using remote sensing imagery and data analytics technology to provide product, timing and rate recommendations to ranchers and land managers so they can manage and identify the most impactful areas to target with Corteva crop protection applications. Broadly, our digital technologies also serve as enablers of our Research and Development (R&D) process and pipeline, which supports the company’s efforts to develop and launch a broader range of sustainable solutions for customers globally. STRENGTHENING SUSTAINABLE INNOVATION ADVANTAGES Corteva continues to grow its position in key market sectors at the forefront of sustainable agriculture. The company has established and expanded its biologicals portfolio, which is focused on developing biostimulants, biocontrol and pheromone products. Corteva’s focused investments in biological solutions have built upon the company’s innovation strengths and expertise, and have centered on enabling a robust set of novel and needed technologies for farmers that include both internally developed innovation together with multiple, strategic collaborations and agreements that help to accelerate the pace of advancements. An example of this progress includes Utrisha™ N nutrient efficiency optimizer, the first technology launch from the biologicals portfolio. Introduced for the 2022 growing season, Utrisha™ N is designed to keep farms productive and healthy by supplying nitrogen throughout the crop cycle in an effective and controlled way. Disciplined Capital Strategy Enabling Growth and Value-Creation Objectives We executed on our capital allocation strategy which focuses on disciplined investment in growth opportunities while delivering capital returns to shareholders. With a strong balance sheet and improved free cash flow, we increased returns to shareholders – including $1.35 billion returned in 2021 through dividends and share repurchases. We expect to return between $1.0 and $1.5 billion to shareholders in 2022, while continuing to invest for long-term growth. These targets further reinforce our continued commitment to shareholder remuneration Prioritizing Enterprise Health, Safety, Diversity and Inclusion Corteva has proven resilient as the pandemic has changed the way people work and live. Our priority from the beginning has focused on protecting the health and wellbeing of our employees, while preserving supply chains and supporting farmers to ensure food security. We also strive to support an agricultural ecosystem that nurtures the planet, while driving business results. We continue to prioritize inclusion, diversity and equity, while fostering belonging and embracing differences within our organization and industry – helping develop an ample bench of talent, stronger collaboration, and deeper connections with the communities we serve. This is reflected in the focused progress we continue to target around our global commitments to inclusion, diversity and equity. Strong Set-up for Future Earnings Growth As economies around the world continue to recover, we expect record demand for grain to keep pressure on ending stock levels which will support commodity prices. We believe growers will prioritize technology investments to maximize their returns. While we also recognize that global conditions are likely to remain a challenge, pricing and productivity remain critical to offset that impact. We are committed to unlocking value at a faster pace, while continuing to do what Corteva does best – launching innovative products, forging strong customer relationships, and maintaining focus on execution. Thank you for your support as Corteva continues to deliver value for all stakeholders, building a stronger agriculture system for our world.

Chuck Magro 

Chief Executive Officer
