A Letter to Shareholders Our Company had an excellent year in 2021, with operating results exceeding our expectations in the face of the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. Adjusted earnings per share increased 29% over the prior year and 47% over the three-year period beginning in 2019. Segment income advanced 21% for the year and 43% over the same three-year period, as our global businesses performed well both commercially and operationally. As planned, the Company significantly reduced its debt to a year-end net leverage ratio of 3.2x, which compares to 3.9x at the end of 2020. Crown’s strategy remains to responsibly deploy capital into our global beverage can operations to profitably expand production capacity in support of growing customer demand in the alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks categories. We closely manage our other businesses to increase income and cash flow, with the cash being used to support continued beverage can expansion, pay down debt and/or return capital to shareholders in the form of dividends and the repurchase of stock. In addition to initiating a quarterly dividend in March 2021, Crown repurchased $950 million of its common stock during the year. In December 2021, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of $3 billion in Company common stock through the end of 2024, reflecting confidence in the future performance and cash flow generation of the Company. As a result of the previously announced strategic portfolio review, on August 31, 2021, the Company completed the sale of its European tinplate businesses to KPS Capital Partners. Crown will retain a 20% ownership stake in the business. Further, the Company fully settled its U.K. pension obligations, resulting in total pension obligations being reduced by $3 billion. Crown’s share price closed 2021 at $110.62, gaining 10% for the year and outpacing the 9% advance in the Dow Jones U.S. Containers & Packaging Index (DJCPI). For the three-year period ended in 2021, the Company’s shares have returned 168%, compared to total returns during the same period of 100% and 73% of the S&P 500 Index and DJCPI, respectively. Crown was the top performer in the packaging and paper segment over that time frame. I would like to thank our employees and partners, whose hard work and dedication continue to be instrumental as we navigate through the dual challenges presented by the pandemic and certain supply chain issues. Crown responded to the pandemic quickly and took several specific actions, including increased safety measures at our manufacturing facilities to ensure that they continue to meet evolving requirements in a safe and timely manner. The Company’s products are a crucial part of food and beverage supply chains and also provide critical support to the transportation industry. The health and safety of our employees, customers and partners is our highest priority. Sustainability remains a core value at Crown. Our accomplishments in 2021 demonstrate how we integrate sustainability into every aspect of the organization. In support of Crown’s dedication to help address the potential effects of climate change, during the third quarter of last year we joined The Climate Pledge, a commitment to be net-zero carbon across our operations by 2040, ten years ahead of the Paris Agreement. While the aluminum beverage can is already the world’s most responsible beverage package – boasting the highest recycling rate, the greatest percentage of infinitely recyclable content and the most value of any substrate – Crown earlier this year put forth ambitious recycling goals for each major global market to make even further progress in the area of circularity. The Company again holds the top position for mitigating environmental, social and governance (ESG) risk within the metal and glass packaging sector, following a new assessment by ESG ratings provider Sustainalytics. Sustainalytics also advanced Crown to the Negligible Risk category, a designation achieved by only 1% of the more than 12,000 companies reviewed. In October, the Company was named to the Investor’s Business Daily Best ESG Companies of 2021 list, which recognizes the top 100 businesses with superior ESG ratings along with broad strength in fundamental and technical areas linked to stock price performance. This is Crown’s first appearance on the list, ranking among the top five in the Industrials category, and #24 overall. Crown is the only packaging company included in the top five organizations in the Industrials category. The Company achieved an “A-” rating in the Climate Change 2021 CDP report and an “A” for Supplier Engagement with regard to Climate Action as reported in the Company’s 2021 CDP report. These scores place Crown at the “Leadership” level in both categories, which is the program’s highest tier. With this rating, Crown performed ahead of the global average of “B-,” the North American regional average of “C” and its industry peer group, which also averaged a “C” for Climate Change. Crown elevated its score from the Climate Change 2020 report and was acknowledged by CDP for its continued sustainability efforts and progress toward its commitments to climate action as part of Twentyby30, the Company’s robust program that outlines twenty measurable ESG goals to be achieved by 2030 or sooner. Our global beverage can business, which comprised 64% of revenue in 2021, performed well during the year and continues to be the major strategic focus of the Company’s future growth. Crown’s worldwide beverage can volume advanced 9% over the previous year to 79 billion units, led by strong shipments in Europe, Mexico and North America (United States and Canada). 3 Annual Report 2021 Over the past three years, the Company’s global beverage can volume has expanded at a compound annual growth rate of more than 5%, outpacing estimated annual industry growth over the same period. To meet this accelerating demand, the Company has commercialized and/or announced 25 billion units of beverage can capacity from late 2019 through the end of 2023. We anticipate that Crown’s annualized global beverage can capacity at that time will exceed 100 billion units. After almost two decades of decline, beverage can growth in North America, the world’s largest market, inflected during 2019 and has accelerated ever since. This expansion is driven by the outsized portion of new beverage products being introduced in cans versus other packaging formats. Cans are increasingly preferred by brand owners and consumers – and viewed by both as the most responsible and sustainable packaging option. Given its infinite recyclability, the beverage can is truly a circular option, boasting a 60-day turnaround from the point of consumption to appearing back on the shelf. The same beverage can will essentially be used six times a year – and 80% of aluminum ever produced is still in use today. A multitude of successful product launches of sparkling waters, energy drinks, carbonated soft drinks, teas, nutritional beverages, cocktails, hard seltzers and craft beers have fueled the robust growth. Crown has a leading presence in North America and expects to ship over 28 billion cans to customers in the United States and Canada in 2022 compared to a base of 20 billion in 2019 – an increase of 40%. Moreover, during that time period, we expect that we will more than double our portion of specialty cans from 11% to more than 20% of the portfolio. To meet these accelerating requirements, during 2021 we successfully commercialized a new two-line beverage can facility in Bowling Green, Kentucky, and added a third production line to our plant in Olympia, Washington. In late 2022, we will commence operations on the first line of a new two-line facility in Henry County, Virginia, with the second line expected to start up in early 2023. Also, during 2023, we plan to commence production on a new two-line plant in Mesquite, Nevada. With half of the Company’s beverage can revenue generated from fast-growing developing markets, and leadership positions in a number of those key regions, Crown has established an excellent platform for expansion in the coming years. In Southeast Asia, robust beverage can growth has been propelled by rising per capita GDP, relatively young and expanding populations and substantial investment by our customers. During 2021, we commenced operation at a new facility in Vung Tàu, Vietnam, and added a second line to our plant in Hanoi, Vietnam. In 2022, the Company will install a second line at one of its two plants in Phnom Penh, which will result in a total of five production lines across two facilities in the fast-growing Cambodian capital city. In Brazil, where cans have captured a significant portion of the package mix from glass bottles, we started up a second production line at our Rio Verde facility in late 2021. During 2022, the Company will commence production on a new two-line plant in Uberaba, in the southeastern state of Minas Gerais. To support additional customer requirements in Mexico, we will begin production in 2022 on a second line at our Monterrey facility. Crown’s Transit Packaging segment, which represented 22% of the Company’s revenue, provides critical in-transit protection to high-value, high-volume goods across a number of end markets, including food and beverage, metals, corrugated, construction and agriculture, among others. Combined with its highly engineered equipment and service business, the Transit Packaging segment, which holds leading market positions in many of its markets, broadens and diversifies Crown’s customer base and significantly increases the Company’s free cash flow. This segment had an excellent performance in 2021, with revenue and segment income both advancing by 25%. The business is poised to benefit further in 2022 from alleviated supply chain issues and the implementation of several cost-reduction initiatives during 2021. The North American tinplate businesses (food cans, aerosol cans and closures) and the can manufacturing equipment operations comprise the remaining 13% of Company revenue. These businesses each performed well in 2021, with income for 5 the segment increasing 26% over the previous year. We expect further improved performance in 2022, driven largely by increased volumes in the food can operations. During 2021, the Company commercialized two-piece food can production lines in Dubuque, Iowa, and Hanover, Pennsylvania, and we will benefit from the resulting additional production volumes and increased operational efficiencies in 2022. John W. Conway, Jim L. Turner and William S. Urkiel are retiring as members of the Board of Directors of the Company. Mr. Conway, who previously served as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Crown from 2000 through 2015, has been on the Board since 1997 and has been non-executive Chairman since 2016. During Mr. Conway’s tenure, the Company improved its balance sheet, international reach and portfolio focus, increasing profitability, cash flow and shareholder value. Mr. Turner, who has served on the Board since 2005, offered key insights in the areas of the beverage industry, strategy development and operations, and Mr. Urkiel, who served on the Board since 2004, provided insights in the areas of finance and capital allocation. We sincerely would like to thank John, Jim and Bill for their many contributions to the Company. Earlier this year, Rose Lee stepped down as a member of the Board of Directors to pursue other opportunities. We appreciate the contributions Rose made to the Company during her more than five-year tenure on the Board, particularly in the areas of strategy and governance. In February 2022, Crown elected Marsha C. Williams to the Board. Marsha previously served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Orbitz Worldwide, Inc. and as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Equity Officers Property Trust, among other senior financial roles over her career. She serves as Chairman of the Board of Modine Manufacturing Company, which designs, manufactures and tests heat-transfer products for a wide variety of applications and markets, and as lead director of Fifth Third Bancorp. We will benefit from Marsha’s broad range of executive and board experience in finance, operations and strategy. Looking ahead, we are excited about the future of our Company and its ability to create meaningful and sustainable value for our shareholders. Our global beverage can, Transit Packaging and North American tinplate businesses are strong, holding leading market positions and generating stable cash flows. As stewards of your capital, we have communicated our intention to maintain a net leverage ratio of 3.0-3.5x and, after investing in profitable organic growth in our businesses, return remaining capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In closing, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our 26,000 associates across operations in 40 countries. Their continued dedication, commitment and drive for results is fundamental to our success. Sincerely,

Timothy J. Donahue 

President and Chief Executive Officer
