Dear Fellow Shareholders, CSX strengthened its value to customers and the U.S. economy in 2021, achieving multiple business successes and advancing our growth strategies during a challenging year for the transportation industry. Amid global supply chain disruptions and a tight labor market, we introduced innovative new service solutions, reinforced our environmental leadership and invested in our people and our network to keep customers’ freight moving. Through these and other actions, we positioned our company to accelerate highway-to-rail freight conversion, driven by technological innovation, operating efficiency and dependable service. As we sustained momentum across our key growth initiatives, we capitalized on the overall strength of the U.S. economy to produce outstanding financial results. Compared to the previous year, CSX’s 2021 revenue of $12.5 billion was 18% higher, operating income leapt 28%, and earnings per diluted share increased 40%. The company delivered these results despite an 11% increase in operating expenses, contributing to a 2021 operating ratio of 55.3%. The primary driver of our success continues to be the commitment of our employees to CSX’s guiding principles and our unified service culture. Safety is foremost among our principles, and we maintained our relentless focus on training, rules compliance and risk reduction in 2021. At the same time, we implemented an intense hiring initiative for operating employees in response to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on train crew availability. Our employees demonstrated their pride in being part of an essential transportation company by acting quickly to implement solutions to supply chain congestion. We adjusted our network plan to alleviate backups at ocean ports and added container overflow capacity for our intermodal terminals. Through their dedicated resolve, CSX employees leveraged the resiliency of our operating model to respond quickly to challenging conditions. With an unwavering focus on safety, service and efficiency, our employees successfully met the challenges of 2021 and kept CSX on track to achieve our company’s immediate and long-term growth objectives.

James M. Foote 

President and Chief Executive Officer
