FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS In 2021, we continued to pursue our vision to create long-term value through sustainable energy solutions in an evolving world. We also made further progress on our mission to be a company that is led by innovation, committed to safety leadership, dedicated to diversity and relentless in the pursuit of growth and excellence for the benefit of all our stakeholders. Following is a brief overview of our 2021 highlights and our priorities for 2022. 2021 Highlights The macro landscape began to improve in 2021 with stronger product demand coupled with rationalization of refining capacity on a global level. That said, we encountered challenges in our operations during the first half of the year, including the freeze event along the Gulf Coast and a subsequent fire at our El Dorado refinery. In an effort to improve operational and financial performance, we implemented an internal program to identify several “quick hit” initiatives requiring minimal capital outlay and targeted to drive strong returns in a relatively short timeframe. These initiatives should enhance the reliability of our assets and create opportunities to increase EBITDA into the future. Stronger commodity markets prompted increased investor interest in the energy space and improved sentiment throughout this past year. Simultaneously, margins and cash flows have progressively improved from depressed levels in 2020. In light of these positive trends, we are strengthening our position for the future by moving forward with plans to make additional investments in the business. In December, we announced a 2022 capital program with growth dedicated to building out the Permian Gathering business, which is seeing strong demand from exploration and production companies, as well as adding four “new-to-industry” retail locations as we continue to expand in the retail segment. During the fourth quarter, we elected to pull forward partial turnaround activities at our Tyler refinery, thereby deferring significant maintenance until 2023. This positions Delek with no major turnaround activity planned in 2022, which should allow us to capitalize on the prevailing macro environment. In an effort to highlight the underlying value of our ownership stake in Delek Logistics Partners, LP (NYSE: DKL), we commenced a program in December to sell 434,590 common limited partner units in DKL through a 10b5-1 trading plan. Over time, this should lead to increased liquidity and trading volumes for DKL, while enhancing the balance sheet of DK. Management will continue to seek opportunities to monetize incremental units of DKL over time while protecting our existing ownership stake in the company. We also are proud of our achievements with our environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives. See the sidebar to this letter and our 2020–2021 Sustainability Report for more information about our efforts in these areas. Priorities for 2022 For the coming year, we expect improved cash flow, and the lack of major planned turnaround activity will strengthen our position for further investments in our growth initiatives as we continue to pursue opportunities with a potential for strong returns. We intend to stabilize our operational performance with improved reliability and strong utilization of our assets, which should allow us to capture the benefits in the prevailing macro environment. Over time, we strive to improve our operating model through centralization and digitization. This should lead to a competitive operational cost structure relative to the industry. The unfortunate situation in Ukraine provides an uplift in valuation and cash generation of traditional American energy assets. We intend to redeploy the excess cash flow generated during this period of elevated margins toward a combination of balance sheet enhancement, return of cash to shareholders and transforming our assets to participate in the global energy transformation that is currently underway. Activity in our regional footprint in the Permian Basin is accelerating, and we stand to benefit throughout our entire value chain. This includes our crude gathering business; transportation assets such as the Wink to Webster pipeline; activity in our local retail stations; and eventually an expansion in Permian crude differentials, which benefits our refining assets. We are increasingly optimistic about the outlook for our business and have identified five strategic priorities for 2022, which are outlined below. ■ Being a Leader in Safety and Wellness. We strive to be nationally recognized as an industry leader for our commitment to sustaining safe work environments that help every employee feel and do their best. We want every Delek employee to come to work every day knowing they are valued and protected. ■ Operating with Reliability and Integrity. By focusing on reliability and integrity, we maximize the return on our investments. Our employees, customers and shareholders can count on us to operate every aspect of our business responsibly, reflecting that the work we do every day is recognized across our industry as reputable and essential. ■ Improving Efficiency in Systems and Processes. We are committed to becoming even more efficient by focusing on our systems and processes. We know there is always room for improvement, and those improvements can make everyone’s job more clearly defined and valued. ■ Balancing Risk and Reward. As we continue to grow, we want to cultivate a healthy appetite for risk. That means, when we make decisions, we plan to identify those risks that come with the greatest potential for success, and pursue them with care. ■ Increasing EBITDA. Increasing our profitability will allow us to become a more sustainable business that is equipped for steady growth. It also means that we can achieve both our short-term and long-term goals. Our company is well positioned for success, and we are focused on delivering on our strategic priorities. As always, I would like to thank our employees, who make Delek strong, as well as the board and our shareholders for their trust and support in our team. 

Sincerely,

EZRA UZI YEMIN 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
