Dear Fellow Shareholders, Dover Corporation entered 2021 with a sense of optimism, having navigated well through the challenging operating environment of 2020 caused by the global pandemic. Our proactive response and resolute actions during this global crisis have allowed us to exceed our ambitious performance goals for 2021, despite the continued challenges caused by secondary pandemic waves, input and logistics cost inflation, and severe supply chain disruptions. Dover has been able to accomplish our goals in large part thanks to the unwavering dedication of our employees and their ability to adapt creatively to the dynamic and challenging business environment. On behalf of the Dover Board of Directors, I would like to recognize and thank our global teams for their extraordinary efforts. We would also like to thank our suppliers and customers for their trust, collaboration and loyalty as we jointly navigated through this past year. Our long-term partnerships remained resilient despite having to cope with cost inflation and delivery challenges that our businesses have not experienced in decades. Dover begins 2022 with the same playbook that defines our culture, and how we operate as a business. Despite the operating, macroeconomic, and geopolitical challenges that remain before us, we have again set ambitious performance goals for the year and are committed to investing in our portfolio companies and employees to fuel our future achievements. 2021 Results Dover delivered a strong operating performance in 2021. Revenue increased 18% on strong customer demand across the portfolio. This robust revenue performance resulted in an increase of diluted earnings per share of 65%, with a corresponding increase of segment earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT) margin of 490 basis points to 21%. Dover exited 2021 with a strong backlog driven by a 35% year-over-year increase in bookings to $9.4 billion. As a result of our growth in revenue and earnings margin expansion, free cash flow as a percent of revenue was 12%, which allowed us to continue reinvesting organically and inorganically to strengthen our portfolio, and to increase our dividend payout for the 66th consecutive year. Segment Performance Our Engineered Products segment delivered total revenue of $1.78 billion, an organic increase of 14%, at an adjusted segment earnings margin of 14.7%. Demand was robust across the segment portfolio as economic activity recovered after the pandemic. Converting growing revenue into earnings was challenging for most of the year given material cost headwinds, labor and supply chain constraints, and critical component availability drove operational inefficiencies and lower earnings margin. Demand remains robust as we enter 2022, and we expect segment margin to recover progressively throughout the year as supply constraints and commodity cost headwinds subside and get covered by enacted pricing actions. Our newly renamed segment, Clean Energy & Fueling, delivered a solid top-line performance with total revenue of $1.65 billion, an organic increase of 6%, at an adjusted segment earnings margin of 16.7%. Product demand was solid, driven by regulatory compliance demand in North America in the first half of the year, off-setting slower demand in other geographies, and persistent supply chain issues in the second half of the year. Demand trends and order backlogs carried into 2022 remain strong and support a robust outlook for the year, driven by the recovery of below-ground fueling components, a positive demand outlook for transportation components, vehicle wash equipment and solutions, and a robust trajectory in recently acquired clean energy businesses. The Imaging & Identification segment posted total revenue of $1.16 billion, an organic increase of 8%, at an adjusted segment earnings margin of 20.9%. Adjusted segment earnings margin expanded by 170 basis points on positive product mix, and as a result of margin enhancement initiatives enacted during 2020- 2021. This result was augmented by the investments we made in enhancing our product offering with product traceability and authentication software solutions for healthcare and FMCG endmarkets. Commodity cost headwinds and logistics and supply chain frictional costs had minimal impact on the segment, further demonstrating the resilience and attractiveness of its business model. As such, it remains a priority for both organic and inorganic investments by Dover. The Pumps & Process Solutions segment posted another year of excellent results, as investments in new product development and capacity expansion enabled us to capitalize on rapidly growing market demand. Revenue for the year of $1.71 billion was up 27% organically, resulting in a 790 basis point improvement of adjusted segment earnings margin to 32%. Demand for biopharmaceutical and hygienic products remained strong through the year. This performance was augmented by solid demand in industrial pumps and polymer processing machinery solutions. During the year, the segment initiated several large organic investments in product development and capacity expansion to accommodate continued secular demand growth. Dover’s newly renamed Climate & Sustainability Technologies segment delivered an impressive top-line performance for the year with revenue increasing to $1.61 billion, an organic increase of 22%. Demand was broad based across the portfolio, with food retail refrigeration products and systems, heat exchangers, and beverage packaging equipment businesses all posting significant increases in deliveries and demand backlogs. Adjusted segment earnings margin at 10.2% was up 230 basis points despite an extremely challenging environment in components availability and pandemic driven labor shortages. The segment carries a large backlog of orders into 2022, and in some product categories into 2023. Consequently, there are significant investments in capacity expansion underway, particularly in heat exchanger and CO2 refrigeration systems product categories, which are poised for multi-year secular growth. Dover Core Enterprise Capabilities Dover continued to invest in its core enterprise capabilities that enable us to capture synergies of scale and common ownership across the portfolio. Meaningful increases in capacity and scope of services have been undertaken in our Dover Business Systems and India Innovation Center platforms with the launch of new lab capabilities in Bangalore, and our back-office processing footprint in Romania. As these investments scale, we are seeing demonstrable improvements in back-office costs, velocity of working capital improvements, and product development speed to market. Our Digital team exceeded its 2021 goal of reaching $1 billion of e-commerce transactions and has set a new goal of $2 billion for 2022 as the platform accelerates. Our operations excellence team made significant progress with its 0Dover (ZeroDover) initiatives and connected factory systems installations which are driving tangible efficiency gains on the factory floor. Portfolio Activities 2021 was an exciting and active year for the Dover Corporation portfolio. During the year, the group executed nine acquisitions, and divested one business as part of its purposeful strategy of deploying capital to areas of secular growth and achieving high returns on invested capital. $1.1 billion ($0.8 billion net of divestitures) was deployed during 2021, largely driven by the acquisitions of Acme Cryogenics and RegO, in the 4th quarter of 2021, as part of the Company’s increased investments into the budding clean energy space. These acquisitions were augmented during the year by targeted investments in single-use hygienic pump products, and software adjacencies in brand management workflow, signal intelligence and industrial 3D visualization technologies. These investments were funded largely by cash on hand and short-term commercial paper, leaving ample balance sheet room to continue to pursue value adding portfolio actions in 2022 and beyond. In Closing Dover Corporation has risen to the challenges of this past year, and as an organization, we believe that we have all the tools to capture the opportunities and meet the challenges presented in 2022. We are confident but will remain cautious and humble as we face the task at hand. We recognize that some of the issues from 2021 are not fully behind us and that the geo-political environment may present unforeseen challenges to be navigated. We enter 2022 with many positives that we can rely on—the demand environment remains strong, our order books are robust, and we have an organization that has proven its ability to deliver exceptional performance through difficult operating environments. We will invest in our strengths, deliver on our 2022 commitments, and focus on our goal of long-term top quartile performance. The Dover Board of Directors and I would like to thank you—our shareholders, customers, and employees—for the support and trust you have placed in us, and we will continue striving to meet your high standard. Sincerely, 

Richard J. Tobin 

President and Chief Executive Officer
