Dear Stakeholders,

As we approach our 125th anniversary in May this year, I can’t help but reflect on the incredible journey that has made Dow the company we are today: an industry leader with global scale and an advantaged portfolio delivering sustainable solutions that enable us to tackle some of the world’s greatest challenges. The increasing demand for sustainable, low-carbon and circular products presents a compelling business opportunity for Dow, one we are capitalizing on as we advance our strategy to decarbonize our footprint, grow earnings, and further enhance value for all our stakeholders. 2021 was a monumental year for Team Dow. We proved resilient amidst continued uncertainty from the COVID-19 pandemic and weather-related disruptions that impacted our industry and broader economies around the globe. We overcame these challenges to deliver strong financial and operating performance, while continuing to advance our ambition and maintaining the well-being and safety of our team and communities. I am tremendously proud of Team Dow’s dedication and hard work to continuously deliver for our customers and drive value for our shareholders. 

RECORD PERFORMANCE 

In 2021, our strong execution resulted in record sales and earnings performance. We delivered net income of $6.4 billion and GAAP earnings per share was $8.38. Our ability to capture strong demand – coupled with tight supply/demand balances – supported net sales of $55 billion, up 43% year-over-year, with gains across every region and operating segment. Our continued focus on cost management and operating discipline also drove operating EBIT of $9.5 billion, up $6.8 billion, and operating EBIT margins expanded by 1,030 basis points to 17.3%. Cash flow from operations improved to $7.1 billion, which enabled us to execute on our balanced and disciplined capital allocation approach:

CapEx was $1.5 billion and return on invested capital (ROIC) reached 22% as we continued to prioritize higher-return, lower-risk and faster-payback projects.

We further improved our strong balance sheet, reducing gross debt by $2.4 billion, achieving credit rating and outlook upgrades, and we now have no substantive debt maturities due until 2026. We also successfully reprofiled Sadara’s debt, resulting in greater than $2 billion in lower Sadara guarantees.

We returned $3.1 billion to shareholders, supported by $2.1 billion in dividends as well as $1 billion in share repurchases. In addition to these strong results, Team Dow remains well-positioned by our competitive advantages and through continued execution of our financial and operating playbook. 

A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE 

As we look ahead, one thing is clear: We are creating a more sustainable world. Protecting our environment is critical and will require sustainability commitments from both the public and private sectors to achieve the Paris Agreement targets. Environmental, social and governance (ESG) investing continues to accelerate, and consumers are increasingly demanding more sustainable products and solutions. At Dow, we have always been and will continue to be a leader in this sustainable world. Across our four market verticals – packaging, infrastructure, consumer and mobility – sustainability is a key driver of growth. We see our total addressable market expanding from $650 billion to over $800 billion as we build on our long history of sustainability and our innovative portfolio to solve many of the world’s biggest challenges, including waste reduction, improved energy efficiency, and safer, higher-performing, and more circular and sustainable consumer products. 

DECARBONIZE AND GROW EARNINGS 

Recognizing this opportunity, we laid out a pathway during our Investor Day in October 2021 to decarbonize our asset footprint and grow earnings, creating value for all stakeholders. We plan to improve our underlying EBITDA by more than $3 billion across the economic cycle, driven by:

$2 billion in EBITDA from our higherreturn, lower-risk, faster-payback capital and operating investments;

$1 billion in EBITDA from our investment at our Fort Saskatchewan site in Alberta to create the world’s first net-zero carbon emissions ethylene and derivatives cracker complex while more than tripling the ethylene and downstream derivative capacity at the site; and,

$600 million from our efficiency programs, with our restructuring program achieving its $300 million run-rate this year and our digital investments already yielding results. 

These investments will enable Dow to capture increasing demand for low-carbon products at differentiated prices as we support our customers’ efforts to reduce their carbon emissions. Upside from a faster economic recovery, innovating new, lower-carbon technologies and incremental uplift from sustainabilitydriven opportunities will create additional earnings growth for Dow. Decarbonizing our assets is a critical part of our plan to reduce emissions by a total of 30% by 2030 (versus our 2005 baseline) and achieve zero-carbon emissions by 2050. We will take a phased, siteby-site approach to replace end-of-life assets with carbon-efficient technologies that lower emissions while expanding capacity, starting with our investment in Alberta.

OUR DISCIPLINED AND BALANCED APPROACH 

Importantly, we will execute our plan in a disciplined and balanced approach. Across the economic cycle, we’ll maintain CapEx at or below D&A – aligned to the macroeconomic environment, our affordability, and return targets greater than 13%. At the same time, we will continue to reward our shareholders and expect to return 65% of net income to our owners across the economic cycle while maintaining a strong balance sheet and our best-owner mindset, strategically allocating resources to the highest-return opportunities. 

VALUE FOR ALL STAKEHOLDERS 

2021 was a historic year for our company, and I’m confident in our path to become the most innovative, customer-centric, inclusive, and sustainable, zero-carbon emissions materials science company. I’m pleased with our progress:

Our innovation pipeline remains strong and in 2021, we commercialized nearly 2,000 new products and solutions that are simultaneously better performing and more sustainable.

We’re becoming more customer-centric through implementation of digital technologies. For example, our digital sales on dow.com have now reached $4 billion, and our investments in highthroughput research, AI and machine learning have sped up experimental productivity by up to 100 times.

Dow was the only materials science company to earn a place on the Great Place to Work® and Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For® list in 2021.

We outlined our clear path to zerocarbon emissions, and we remained committed to transparency by raising the bar in our climate and circularity reporting through the launch of our first consolidated ESG report, INtersections. 

I would like to close by thanking our customers, suppliers and partners for their collaboration … our shareholders for their support … and Team Dow for their hard work in 2021. As we enter our company’s 125th year, we are eager to continue working together to deliver a sustainable future for the world through our materials science expertise. 



Best regards,

Jim Fitterling

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
