Dear Shareholder: Edison International (“EIX”) remains deeply committed to our vision to transform the electric power industry toward a clean energy future, making progress to address the impacts of climate change, advance economy-wide electrification and deliver long-term value to all stakeholders. Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”) – with one of the most diverse boards and management teams in our industry and across the economy – underpins our success. The Proxy Statement describes the Board’s oversight of sustainability, DEI and other ESG issues, which are core to our strategy. Our regulated utility subsidiary, Southern California Edison (“SCE”), safely provides 15 million people in Southern and Central California with reliable, affordable and clean power. SCE is a critical enabler of California’s ambitious climate goals, which include reducing greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions by 40% from 1990 levels by 2030 and 80% by 2050, in addition to achieving net-zero GHG emissions economy-wide by 2045. SCE is on track to meet its goal to deliver 100% carbon-free power to customers by 2045, already having reached an estimated 42% in 2021. Beyond SCE’s footprint, we are advancing a blueprint to achieve net-zero GHG emissions across the economy affordably – called Pathway 2045 – using an increasingly carbon-free electric grid to power substantial electrification adoption over the next two decades. EIX is committed to achieving net-zero GHG emissions by 2045, in alignment with economy-wide climate actions planned by California. This commitment covers the power SCE delivers to customers and EIX’s enterprise-wide operations. In 2021, we released our Mind the Gap policy paper, highlighting areas requiring accelerated actions to meet California’s 2030 goals. To that end, SCE recently proposed a nearly $700 million building electrification program focused on commercial and residential customer adoption of heat pumps and continues to implement its transportation electrification programs with over $800 million of approved funding for light-, medium- and heavy-duty electric vehicle charging infrastructure. SCE is also investing $1 billion in utility-owned battery storage projects to meet reliability needs across the grid for this summer and help integrate clean energy resources over the long term. We are also evaluating long-term risk reduction related to the impacts of climate change, such as increased frequency of severe weather events, sea level rise, intensified conditions for wildfires and cascading events. SCE is conducting a comprehensive analysis of climate change exposure, vulnerabilities and adaptation strategies for utility infrastructure to achieve long-term resilience. This is in addition to SCE’s ongoing work to implement wildfire risk mitigation measures, including grid hardening, enhanced inspections, expanded vegetation management and targeted de-energization. As a result, SCE estimates it has reduced the probability of losses from catastrophic wildfires by 65–70%, relative to pre-2018 levels. Edison Energy, our unregulated, competitive energy advisory services business, is supporting large corporate customers’ renewable energy and sustainability goals in the U.S. and internationally, including 22 of the Fortune 100. Edison Energy helped execute 1.3+ GW of renewable energy agreements for customers in 2021, bringing total offsite procurement to over 8.0 GW. These areas of focus highlight work performed across the Company by our committed team dedicated above all to safety, the first of our core values, especially throughout the pandemic. Our culture of safety ownership and risk-based safety programs help us identify and mitigate worker and public safety risks, highlighting advances in safety performance for 2021 and specific focus areas for continued improvement in 2022. We continue to make meaningful progress advancing our DEI goals, including increasing data transparency on representation, pay equity and employee sentiment; launching career development and talent development accelerator efforts focused initially on Black employees and expanding to other underrepresented groups; and awarding the first cohort of scholarships for the skilled craft scholarship program initially focused on Black participants. We will continue to use employee training, dialogue with employee-led business resource groups, and external partnerships with community organizations to foster an even more inclusive work environment. In 2021, EIX’s stock price continued to be affected by market volatility related to COVID-19 and negative perceptions of wildfire and regulatory risk. While we were pleased to see EIX’s stock outperform the Philadelphia Utility Index by over 10% during the last quarter of 2021 as investors reacted positively to a third consecutive year without a catastrophic wildfire associated with SCE’s equipment, our stock still ended the year at a significant discount to peer valuations. We are redoubling our efforts to help investors understand – and have our valuation reflect appropriately – the risk reduction achieved through SCE’s mitigation efforts, California’s major advances in fire suppression capability, and the regulatory and financial risk mitigations achieved in AB 1054. For 2021, we reported core earnings (defined on page 43 of the Proxy Statement) per share (“EPS”) of $4.59, an increase from $4.52 in 2020. The increase in our 2021 core EPS was primarily due to continued rate base growth at SCE, partially offset by higher financing costs at EIX. In December 2021, the Board approved an increase in the annual dividend for the 18th consecutive year. This dividend increase of 5.66% reflects the Board’s and management’s continued confidence in EIX’s 5–7% long-term EPS growth target. SCE’s investments in wildfire mitigation and the infrastructure needed for economy-wide electrification will drive long-term growth. The letter at the beginning of this Proxy Statement captured the sentiments all of us on the Board share about Bill Sullivan and Peter Taylor, but let me add a personal note here. As our first independent Chair, Bill has been an outstanding leader and coach, and I am deeply grateful for his counsel and friendship. I am equally grateful for Peter’s willingness and ready skills to be our next independent Chair. His deep experience, understanding of our business and connection to our communities will serve our Company well. I would also like to thank our entire Board for their guidance and steady hand, helping us succeed through multiple challenges to focus on our inspiring mission and exciting future. We remain steadfast in our efforts to provide long-term, sustainable value to our shareholders and other stakeholders. Thank you for your continued investment in Edison International. Sincerely
