In a year in which we all faced unprecedented challenges, EMCOR managed to deliver outstanding performance for its customers and shareholders. Our Mission First, People Always values guided us as we sought to keep our employees safe, serve our customers, and adapt to a new reality in 2020. Resilient is the word that best describes our people at EMCOR, and I could not be more thankful nor more humbled to be a part of this team. Our long-term investments in leadership development and business acumen paid significant dividends for our customers, suppliers, owners, employees, and the communities that we serve. Our results for 2020 set EMCOR annual performance records for adjusted (non-GAAP) earnings per share, operating income, and operating income margin. In addition, we experienced record operating cash flow. These are all important achievements, but the most important accomplishment of 2020 was our ability to deliver for our customers while keeping our workforce productive and safe with an industry leading Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR) of 1.20. In most geographies, our work was deemed essential, and our employees continued to operate through the pandemic — sometimes under challenging circumstances. Our primary focus, as always, was to seek to keep our employees safe in this new work environment through a comprehensive range of policies and initiatives, including the issuance of updated safety guidelines, new and updated training programs, and the provision of personal protective equipment. This allowed us to deliver for our customers on their critical projects and service work while maintaining excellent productivity. This exceptional performance, despite the challenges in the COVID work environment, is a testament to the leadership shown by our front-line workers and subsidiary, segment, and corporate staff. We could not have done it without them. Importantly, the environment created by the pandemic caused our customers to adjust their operations and brought some of our services to the forefront to meet their needs. Through our indoor air quality (IAQ) services, we helped our customers keep their own employees, tenants, and customers safe. Innovative solutions such as UV-C technology and ionization air purification have become essential to building systems, not only helping to keep occupants safe but also improving mechanical efficiency. We were prepared to deliver these solutions through our leading mechanical and site-based services businesses. In addition to IAQ services, we continued to help our customers reduce their own carbon footprint through services such as lighting retrofits, mechanical and electrical solutions that minimize energy consumption, and the construction of cogeneration power plants, fuel cell facilities, and solar and wind projects — all essential tools in the global response to climate change. These services have become even more important as we look to the future to not only help customers reduce their carbon footprint but also make their facilities more productive and efficient. Our capabilities were also in demand as the move to an even more interconnected and digital economy accelerated as a result of the pandemic. EMCOR has leading data center construction, retrofit, and maintenance capabilities and has played a role in over 850 data center construction projects over the last 20 years through the delivery of mechanical, fire protection and/or electrical systems in these mission critical facilities. In many ways, these projects showcase the best in EMCOR’s capabilities including planning, Building Information Modeling (BIM), pre-fabrication, workforce development, management, and engineering. The demand for these complex data centers will also continue to increase as companies seek more secure solutions to prevent and contain cyber attacks. We were partners with our healthcare customers; from clinics and hospitals to biotech and pharmaceutical plants, as they adjusted their processes and facilities to serve their customers and patients during the pandemic. EMCOR companies built temporary hospitals, reconfigured existing hospitals, and helped pharmaceutical companies expand their production facilities. In many cases, we were a “go to” resource as we knew the facilities and had the technical capability and financial capacity to quickly staff projects with the right resources and deliver a quality result, on-time and under pressure. Our values of Mission First, People Always serve as our bedrock. We will continue to foster an environment based upon Mutual Respect and Trust and believe that Teamwork is essential to all. We remain committed to rewarding performance and building a workforce that strives to be a model of diversity and inclusion. As we move forward into a future that is very different from the one that we anticipated at the start of 2020, we view our services as more essential than ever. We believe that we have built a company that people want to work for, our customers are proud to partner with, and our owners view as a good long-term investment. Thank you for your interest in EMCOR, and we look forward to continuing to perform for our stakeholders.

Anthony J. Guzzi 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
