Letter to Our Investors

AS WE RECAP 2021, we reflect on the year with gratitude, humility, and expectation. We are thankful for the tireless and heroic efforts of the medical community and first responders in facing the worst pandemic in the last 100 years. We are humbled by the spirit and resilience of everyday frontline heroes such as grocery, restaurant, manufacturing, and delivery workers who reliably supported our daily lives without fanfare. We are grateful to our employees who rose to the countless trials of 2020, whether they were riding out hurricanes on our marine push boats or quickly resuming services for our customers following the storms. We are grateful to our employees who reliably delivered energy products such as propylene, which is used for medical supplies and products including personal protective equipment (“PPE”). Our employees also responded to strong international demand for U.S. liquefied petroleum gas (“LPG”), which is a cleaner burning cooking fuel that offers a beacon of hope to the forgotten three billion people in the world who live in energy poverty. We are grateful to our employees for their endless discipline of wearing face masks, social distancing, and hand sanitizing, both at work and at home, so we could maintain a safe workplace. We are also grateful to those employees who worked from home while juggling parenting and elder care duties. We are especially grateful for our employees’ teamwork, creativity, and perseverance, which enabled us to respond to the many challenges and opportunities that the chaos of COVID-19 and lockdowns brought to the energy industry. Finally, we begin 2021 with the expectation of better times ahead for our global community of eight billion people. COVID-19 vaccines are being developed, produced, and distributed at a record pace. We expect a robust economic recovery and growth as healthier times and normalcy return. United Nations data has consistently shown that energy consumption per capita enables a higher quality of life in terms of income, education, and life expectancy. With the global population continuing to increase by one billion people every twelve years or so, and the desire of populations in emerging economies to have a similar quality of life and conveniences that people in developed countries enjoy, we believe the demand for energy and energy products, including crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids (“NGLs”), will continue to grow for the foreseeable future. The world’s challenge remains to produce and consume energy and energy products in the most efficient and environmentally responsible manner possible.

Strong Financial Performance 

Enterprise posted solid 2020 results, establishing ten operating and financial records, despite the impact of the pandemic on energy demand and commodity prices. We reported $8.1 billion of Adjusted Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”), nearly matching our record in 2019. Enterprise finished the year with a strong balance sheet, including approximately $6.1 billion of liquidity and a debt leverage ratio (debt principal divided by twelve months Adjusted EBITDA) of 3.5 times, providing significant financial flexibility for the partnership. Our partnership generated $6.4 billion of Distributable Cash Flow (“DCF”), which allowed us to increase the distributions paid to our partners for the 22nd consecutive year and provide 1.6 times coverage of the distributions paid with respect to 2020. We retained $2.5 billion of DCF, which allowed us to self-fund more than 75 percent of our $3.0 billion of net growth capital investments in 2020. In terms of traditional cash flow metrics, the partnership generated $5.9 billion of Cash Flow from Operations (“CFFO”) in 2020, and Free Cash Flow (“FCF”) of $2.7 billion. FCF is defined as CFFO less cash used in investing activities, including capital expenditures and net distributions from joint venture partners. We currently anticipate Enterprise will be FCF positive in 2021 after investing in capital expenditures and the payment of distributions. The payout ratio to our limited partners, which is the sum of cash distributions and buybacks as a percent of CFFO, was approximately 70 percent in 2020. This compares to a median S&P 500 payout ratio of 33 percent. During 2020, we reduced our planned growth capital expenditures for 2020 and 2021 by approximately $2 billion while working with customers in response to changing industry conditions. Operating costs and sustaining capital expenditures in aggregate, were approximately $500 million below budget in 2020. We were able to achieve this cost savings without sacrificing safety or reliability. Our financial objectives today are consistent with those when we went public in 1998: 1) build a company that has staying power for the long term by preserving a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility; 2) invest in growth capital projects with attractive returns; and, 3) responsibly return capital to our partners. 

Fee-Based Growth Capital Projects Support Future Growth 

In 2020, we completed and put into service $2.4 billion of growth capital projects, including Mont Belvieu-area fractionators 10 and 11, the Midlandto-ECHO 3 pipeline, a standalone deisobutanizor (“DIB”) in the Mont Belvieu-area, and an expansion of our ethylene export terminal, among others. These projects are primarily fee-based and supported by long-term contracts. We have another $3.6 billion of growth capital projects under construction slated to come online from 2021 through 2023, giving us clear visibility to sources of future cash flows. The projects under construction are well-supported by high quality customers with approximately 70 percent of the volume-weighted contracts for ten years or more. 

Energy Supply / Demand Outlook 

Supply 

Crude oil prices have increased since mid-2020, and we believe will continue to do so through the second half of 2021. Our view is supported by the record retrenchment in drilling and completion activities worldwide, along with steep decline curves in shale basins that result in lower near-term production through mid-2021, and the expected continuing recovery of the global economy and its demand for energy as the world emerges from the pandemic. As a result of the current business environment, most crude oil producers in North America have reduced their drilling and completion of new wells compared to prior years. Baker Hughes reported the total number of drilling rigs working in the continental U.S. (combined crude and natural gas) declined from 805 in December 2019 to 266 in October 2020, and since has increased to 392 in February 2021. The Energy Information Administration (“EIA”) estimates that U.S. crude oil production averaged 11.3 million barrels per day (“MMBPD”) in 2020, which compares to an average of 12.3 MMBPD in 2019. The EIA expects U.S. crude oil production to decline to an average of 10.9 MMBPD in the second quarter of 2021 since near-term drilling and completion activity will not generate enough production to offset declines from existing wells. They expect drilling activity to rise later in 2021, contributing to U.S. crude oil production returning to an average of 11.2 MMBPD in the fourth quarter of 2021 and 11.5 MMBPD in 2022. In February 2021, the EIA estimates that U.S. natural gas production averaged 91.3 billion cubic feet per day (“Bcf/d”) in 2020, down from an average of 93.1 Bcf/d in 2019. They forecast natural gas production to average 90.5 Bcf/d in 2021 rising to 91.0 Bcf/d in 2022. 



Demand 

Across the globe, downstream demand for petroleum products such as gasoline and jet fuel has recovered from the lows of the second quarter of 2020 but remains depressed due to the effects of the pandemic, and refiners have reduced their utilization rates in response. Many countries have eased their COVID-19 containment measures and central banks and governments have instituted fiscal measures in an effort to stimulate economic activity. As a result, hydrocarbon demand has started to recover in early 2021; however, a continuation of this trend remains dependent on successful containment of the virus, and the efficacy and distribution of approved vaccines. In February 2021, the EIA estimated global demand for petroleum and related liquids to average 92.3 MMBPD in 2020, 97.7 MMBPD in 2021, and 101.2 MMBPD in 2022, which is equal to 2019 estimated demand. Also in February 2021, the EIA estimated that U.S. consumption of natural gas averaged 83.3 Bcf/d in 2020, a 2.2 percent decrease from the 2019 average of 85.2 Bcf/d. The EIA expects U.S. consumption of natural gas to average 81.7 Bcf/d in 2021 and 81.0 Bcf/d in 2022, due to rising natural gas prices impacting demand from the electric power sector. Natural gas prices, as measured by the NYMEX at Henry Hub, averaged $2.03 per million British thermal units (“MMBtu”) in 2020 compared to an average of $2.57 per MMBtu in 2019. The EIA forecasts Henry Hub spot prices to average $2.95 per MMBtu in 2021, due to rising space heating demand and liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) exports amid an overall decrease in U.S. natural gas production. The industrial sector is expected to remain the largest consumer of energy, with manufacturing being the largest component in the sector. The U.S. petrochemical industry is increasing its utilization of ethylene crackers after the impact of the pandemic and a heavy hurricane season in 2020. The primary feedstock used by these crackers is ethane, which benefits our NGL value chain. The pandemic created new demand for single-use plastics and strong demand for health care PPE and household cleaners. Plastics are central to the antiseptic model of modern health care and are a key ingredient in many of the products that we use every day. Key businesses in our petrochemical segment are propylene fractionation and propane dehydrogenation (“PDH”) that produce polymer-grade propylene (“PGP”), which is a key feedstock for chemical companies to produce plastics. Our isobutylene dehydrogenation unit (“iBDH”) and our methyl tertiary butyl ether (“MTBE”) facilities produce important octane additives for the automotive industry, while our iBDH plant also produces products for the lubricants and manufacturing sectors.

Improved Quality of Life From Cleaner-Burning Petroleum Products 

There is a direct correlation between energy consumption per capita and economic growth and human development. According to data from the United Nations’ Human Development Index, despite global population growth from 5.3 billion in 1990 to 7.8 billion in 2018, the percentage of the global population living in the lowest quartile of human development dramatically decreased from 62 percent in 1990 to 12 percent in 2018. China and India have made substantial gains in quality of life since 1990, including gross national income per capita, life expectancy, and education. Increasing energy use per capita is a proven major contributor to this improvement. The World Health Organization estimates approximately 4.0 million premature smoke inhalation deaths per year occur from the use of wood, coal, and other organic matter as residential fuel. Currently, there are approximately three billion people, or one-third of the world population, without access to cooking with cleaner-burning fuels. Numerous countries, including China, India, and Indonesia, have introduced comprehensive programs to transition residential fuel from wood and coal to LPG. The government in India is subsidizing a program to incentivize residential use of propane instead of coal, wood, biomass, or animal waste for cooking. Global population growth, especially in Non-OECD Asia, will lead to increased consumption of energy. Most of the economic growth will occur in Non-OECD countries where GDP/person is projected to nearly triple from 2018 to 2020. Since 2010, production from U.S. shale plays have supplied approximately 75 percent of global demand growth for LPG. Enterprise’s marine terminal on the Houston Ship Channel is the largest LPG export facility in the world.

Safety, Environment, and Social Responsibility 

At Enterprise, we provide high-quality services to meet our customers’ needs and support economic growth. We also support sustainable initiatives that align with the interests of the communities where our assets are located and the environment. We believe the most significant Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) topics for our business and our stakeholders are health and safety, environmental stewardship (including direct greenhouse gas emissions monitoring), community engagement, fuel efficiency, and land use initiatives. Our commitment to sustainability is a commitment to all of our stakeholders as we expect it will enable Enterprise to remain a responsible leader in our industry and our communities for decades to come. We published our first comprehensive ESG report in 2020. The 2019-2020 ESG report is available on our website (www. enterpriseproducts.com). We are working to expand our ESG-related disclosures and are engaging with ESG rating agencies in hopes of continuing to improve our ESG rating scores. In February 2021, we completed and posted to our website the ESG template developed by the Energy Infrastructure Council (“EIC”). The EIC template is designed to provide standards and consistency for comparing midstream energy companies.

In Closing

Enterprise was recognized among the most honored companies by S&P Global Platt’s 2019 Global Energy Awards, by Newsweek for America’s Most Responsible Companies recognition, and in Institutional Investor magazine’s 2020 All-American Executive Team rankings. Our partnership was among the top ten most honored companies for all industries in a comprehensive survey conducted by Institutional Investor magazine. Among the honors received were top rankings in the categories of ESG reporting and corporate governance in our industry. This recognition reflects the initiative, creativity, and work ethic of our 7,130 employees. Our partnership successfully endured the sudden and severe impact of one of the most challenging economic cycles in history caused by the pandemic in 2020. We entered the cycle from a position of strength, and with the ongoing dedication of our employees and our premier midstream energy system, we believe Enterprise will effectively manage through this period, capturing opportunities and emerging stronger than ever. Together, our general partner, management team, Board of Directors, and employees own approximately one third of Enterprise’s outstanding common units. Our interests and goals continue to be closely aligned with those of our limited partners. In closing, we look forward to continuing to grow our partnership in 2021. We would like to recognize our employees, customers, suppliers, banks, and investors who are integral to our success.

Jim Teague

Co-Chief Executive Officer

Randy Fowler

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
