The future is on As we look forward, into 2022 and beyond, I’m extremely optimistic and excited about Entergy’s future. I see unmatched resilience and capability among our team of approximately 12,500 employees along with the significant and unique opportunities we’re cultivating. As we all experienced, 2021 in many ways was a continuation of 2020. Our team was faced with the unpredictability of the pandemic, continued social and political turmoil, and extreme historic weather events. And once again our team was up to the challenge. We remain united around our values, committed to our stakeholders, and diligent in our actions. Because of our disciplined approach, we were able to deliver on our strategic, operational, and financial objectives. It is evident that our customers are driving our investment needs. And as their priorities turn to resiliency and sustainability, we are partnering with them to achieve the outcomes they desire. These investments will benefit all of our stakeholders and especially help customers meet their objectives. They will strengthen our communities by providing cleaner air while creating great jobs, energize our employees through the development of new and exciting solutions, and deliver value to our owners by capturing unique growth opportunities. While many are seeing 2022 as a year to move on, to start planning for the future under a new normal, we already made that pivot. For Entergy it is a time to keep moving forward, just as we did in 2020 and 2021. Delivering results Despite the headwinds faced in 2021, we remained resilient. We delivered on our commitments. Strategically We are enhancing our ability to help our customers achieve their business goals and aspirations. Specifically, we stood up a new customer organization and selected our first-ever Chief Customer Officer. This team will work side by side with our customers to find new ways to meet their reliability, affordability, and decarbonization goals. Our customer team is actively working to help our customers reduce their scope 1 and scope 2 carbon emissions. We also created a new Sustainable Planning, Development, and Operations organization. To drive greater strategic direction and collaboration in addressing stakeholders’ sustainability expectations, we aligned key internal teams to implement strategies to decarbonize our portfolio and respond to our customers’ sustainability needs while maintaining affordability and reliability. We also updated our long-term supply plan to significantly increase renewable capacity. We expect 11 gigawatts of renewable capacity by the end of 2030. That is more than double the estimate in our previous plan. Since the beginning of 2021, we issued renewable requests for proposals totaling close to 2,000 megawatts. Entergy completed the tax equity partnership for Searcy Solar in Arkansas. We designed this innovative structure to help facilitate the economics of utility ownership while better aligning the interests of the project owner and tax equity partner. This is an important step to make renewable plant ownership the most economic choice for our customers. In Texas, we proposed the Orange County Advanced Power Station. If approved, this will be our first hydrogen-capable plant and will provide efficient power in the near term with the flexibility to utilize clean hydrogen to produce energy in the future. Our exit from the merchant business is nearly complete as we finalized the sale of Indian Point Energy Center in New York. We also received approval from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to sell our last remaining wholesale nuclear unit, the Palisades Power Plant in Michigan. We expect the Palisades transaction to be completed in mid-2022. Diversity, inclusion, and belonging continues to be a key focus area for our Board, executive team and employees as we work to maintain our winning culture. To that end, we created the Diversity and Workforce Strategies Center of Excellence. The team has expanded our workforce development efforts and developed new standards for hiring. We concluded 2021 with gains in both female and diverse representation toward the goal of reflecting the rich diversity of the communities we serve. Operationally We continue to pursue operational excellence on behalf of our customers. Years of hard work and strategic capital investment led to measurable system improvements as we achieved our best transmission reliability performance in more than 20 years. Distribution service reliability also improved in 2021. We completed the installation of more than 3 million advanced meters last year. This new technology gives our customers valuable data about their energy use that will help to empower them to better control both the use of electricity and what they spend. Advanced meters also provide a foundation for other customer and grid technology investments that will further improve service and reliability. In response to the damage caused by Hurricane Ida, we deployed the largest restoration workforce in our history. This storm presented significant challenges, and we devised innovative solutions to restore power to customers and communities sooner than otherwise would have been expected given the extent of the damage. We deployed portable generators for key businesses and community services. We procured materials and supplies from non-traditional sources, including utilizing pipe from the halted Keystone Pipeline to harden the foundation of new distribution structures in areas with soft soil. This nimble, unprecedented approach is just one of the ways we worked with partners to rethink how we model stormresponse for the future. Financially Entergy delivered once again in 2021 on its financial commitments and finished with a strong financial foundation. We maintained solid liquidity throughout the year. Further, Moody’s reduced our cash flow metric threshold, acknowledging the reduced risk to the overall company associated with successfully exiting the wholesale merchant business. The funded status of our pension obligation also improved, which benefits our Moody’s cash flow metric. These changes, combined with our ATM program transactions, mean that our remaining equity need through 2024 is roughly one fourth of what we communicated at our 2020 analyst day. Storm recovery remains an area of significant progress for the company. We expect to receive more than $3 billion in securitization proceeds by midyear, which includes a $1 billion down payment against Hurricane Ida costs. Entergy’s 2021 adjusted earnings per share of $6.02 was in the top half of our guidance range for the sixth year in a row. This represents a 6.5% compound annual growth rate over the past five years. We also achieved on our objective to align dividend growth with earnings growth, raising our dividend by 6% in the fourth quarter of 2021. Entergy’s stock performance was in the second quartile total shareholder return in 2021 compared to our Philadelphia Utility Sector Index peer group, which did not meet our top quartile objective. As we consistently deliver steady, predictable earnings and dividend growth and make progress capturing the unprecedented growth opportunities in front of us, we expect to see that success reflected in improved stock price performance relative to our peers. We see opportunities Over the past several years, I have used this letter to describe how we continue to enhance our focus on meeting the desires of our customers. By paying close attention to what matters to them—by listening— we are better able to identify and develop investment opportunities. Moreover, as we collaborate with customers to develop enhanced solutions, it has become clear that the opportunity to grow the company is greater than initially believed. Our customers are adapting to a changing world, and we stand ready to provide products and services designed to help make that transition easier. We’re going beyond the basic tenets of reliability and affordability (although make no mistake those are the bedrock of all we do) and working on the outcomes that our customers desire. For our residential customers, investments in digital customer channels, automated metering, asset management, and resilience provide insights and tools to help them better manage their energy usage, pay their bills, and adapt their service. For business customers, this means lower electricity prices while also helping them meet their sustainability objectives. Two key opportunities for incremental growth have emerged from collaboration with our customers: accelerating investment in system resilience and sustainability. Resilience acceleration Resilience is an area in which we have invested heavily for many years—more than $10 billion over the last five years. And during recent major weather events, these investments have proven to be sound. Structures built to more robust engineering standards were able to withstand the stress of extreme weather. Yet, as the frequency and intensity of these storms continue to increase, we need to do our part to make the grid more durable and resilient as our customers work harder to enhance the durability of their own homes and businesses. After the weather events of 2020, we embarked on developing a resilience acceleration program to meet the new challenges presented by these changing weather patterns. This resilience work will benefit our stakeholders through less damage, lower restoration costs, fewer interruptions, and quicker recovery times after major storms. These improvements also benefit our restoration workers, who in many cases are personally affected by the storms. This proactive investment strategy creates value for our owners by reducing the impact of storm risk on the balance sheet and delivering more affordable customer outcomes while driving a growth opportunity. Based on our early analysis, we could accelerate $5 billion to $15 billion of resilience investments, representing a major point of focus as we evolve the business to be increasingly reliable and customercentric. Sustainability We have been a leader in environmental sustainability for over 20 years, and we are committed to continuing to lead well into the future. In 2000, Entergy was the first utility to set CO2 reduction goals, which we exceeded. We continued to raise the bar by setting new goals to reduce our utility carbon emission rate by 50% from 2000 levels by 2030 and achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Entergy has one of the cleanest largescale utility generation fleets in the nation, including more than five gigawatts of carbon-free nuclear capacity, a fleet of highly efficient gas resources, and a fast-growing portfolio of renewable resources. We see major increasing demand to deploy renewable offerings given both our environmental objectives and the favorable operational and economic environment of renewable generation. In fact, under our current plan, we now believe we will achieve our 2030 objective years earlier than originally expected. Our customers are demanding more, particularly the large concentration of commercial and industrial customers across Entergy’s service area. Again, directed by our customers’ desired outcomes, we are finding potential opportunities to accelerate our investments in clean generation to help them meet their decarbonization objectives. We see strong interest for products designed to help customers reduce their scope 2 emissions from their electricity purchases, including green tariffs. As this demand increases, it creates the potential to accelerate renewables deployment beyond the 11 gigawatts currently planned by the end of 2030. Clean electrification is also a primary means by which customers can achieve their sustainability objectives. Entergy has a large industrial customer base – 44% of our 2021 demand came from industrial customers. Some view this as a risk, thinking that industries like chlor alkali, petrochemical, refineries, steel, and liquified natural gas export could not transition into a low-carbon future. We fundamentally disagree. Our industrial customers are efficient, diverse producers with infrastructure and labor competitive advantages. Gulf Coast refineries produce a wide variety of feedstocks and finished products that are highly integrated into the value chain, and this is not going away. Even as products like cars evolve toward more sustainable options, the components of the products will still be needed. The electric vehicles of tomorrow will still have tires, frames, and dashboards, all created from feedstocks produced by Entergy’s industrial customers. Nearly all of our large industrial customers have aggressive decarbonization goals, including net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 or earlier. While some developed their decarbonization goals earlier than others, all have customers and investors who increasingly demand progress on this dimension as we move toward a cleaner future. As I mentioned, we are working with our customers to develop products that will reduce their scope 2 emissions. But our customers’ needs go far beyond that. Many of them have on-site equipment and processes that utilize fossil fuels and emit carbon dioxide. To achieve their decarbonization goals, these customers will need to modify their operations and processes to eliminate scope 1 emissions. They are evaluating a wide set of solutions including electrification, carbon capture and storage, clean hydrogen, biofuels, and energy efficiency. Electrification is a top choice to replace and decarbonize aging equipment such as boilers, turbines, and compressors. Carbon capture and storage and clean hydrogen will also need to be powered by clean generation. The magnitude of the opportunity is substantial, and the time is now. We see an addressable market equivalent to 25% of Entergy’s current utility load by 2030, and more than double our current sales by 2050. We are actively engaged in strategic conversations with our largest customers to understand their needs. It’s clear that customers recognize Entergy as a valued partner to help them achieve their decarbonization objectives. The solutions we design today will deliver meaningful outcomes for all our stakeholders. This opportunity is unique to Entergy, and we intend to seize it. In closing So, let me end where I started: I am excited about Entergy’s future – both imminently, and in the long run. Our employees have proven they are prepared to help power the lives of our stakeholders today, tomorrow, and for future generations. And over the last several years they have demonstrated they are ready for anything. Our enhanced focus on the needs and desires of our customers has revealed significant and exciting investment opportunities that are unique in the industry. Everyone at Entergy is energized by the difference we can make in our communities with both our philanthropy and our daily business decisions. And we’re humbled and privileged by the role we play in helping the lives of those we touch. Whether you are a customer, community member, employee, and/or owner – thank you. We are grateful to serve you. We are committed to delivering meaningful outcomes for each of you to the exclusion of none. There will always be disruptions and surprises in the world, but Entergy is resilient and ready for anything that may occur. Fundamentally, I believe the future is on for all of us, and Entergy will help lead the way.

Leo P. Denault 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
