When I wrote this letter last year, we were in the midst of a global pandemic that no one could have envisioned. Like most, I was confident that the pandemic would subside at some point in 2021, but I was wrong. This serves as a solid example of how difficult it is to predict the future and why at Expeditors we have always tried to live in our current environment with a focus on the future, but not betting our company on our ability to predict the future. 2021 was another difficult year with continued supply and demand imbalances, never-ending changes in COVID restrictions/requirements, and a new phenomenon often referred to as the “Great Resignation.” We fared well with our ability to handle most things that came our way. We have always recognized the importance of our service providers (air, ocean, and truck carriers). We’ve historically worked hard to implement practices where we understand what they value and essentially what makes Expeditors a good customer. This work along with our ability to maintain very good working relationships created a situation where we were able to gain space in contracting markets. Our Business Continuity Plan, coupled with our fantastic Global Health and Safety Team, allowed us to quickly navigate changing government requirements. That was not easy when considering the number of locations where we operate, as well as the differences that can apply in an individual city or state. We did not have a single incident where we were required to close an office due to a COVID outbreak or due to government requirements. We protected our people and continued to operate our business in an efficient manner. Like most companies, we did experience some effects of the “Great Resignation.” Our turnover was generally impacted by employees choosing early retirement or making the decision that our model/culture was not best for them. In both cases, we are thankful for the value they added to our company. The good news is that our practice of promoting from within, along with our culture of employee development, led to an environment where we were able to grow our headcount in a difficult hiring market. We continue to believe that our employees are our most important asset and will hire, train, and develop with this concept representing our “North Star.” We believe people will always want to work for companies that value them as individuals and are interested in their ongoing growth and development. As stated earlier, 2021 was not easy but it also helped us understand that our non-asset-based model continues to be the correct model. It has served us well over the last 40+ years and we believe it will continue to do so in the future. We recognize that 2021 was also difficult for our customers. They’ve had to accept higher pricing, extended transits, and a great deal of uncertainty. Our teams continued to work extremely hard at understanding customers’ needs and then executing as best as possible in the difficult market. We know it has not been easy, but we do appreciate the understanding and patience shown by our customers. Finally, as difficult as the year has been, it has also been rewarding. Supply Chain has been a misunderstood profession and the work that we do daily has often been taken for granted. 2021 was the year of supply chain, and while supply chain professionals have been blamed for a lot of things over the course of the year, our profession is finally being recognized for its critical role in the global economy. Designing, producing, and selling products is difficult without a world class supply chain to deliver those products, and we are excited about our seat at the table. 2022 has also started with its own difficulties. Subsequent to the year-end in one of the most impactful events in our company’s history, in late February 2022 we determined that our company was the subject of a targeted cyberattack, prompting us to shut down most of our operating systems globally to manage the safety of our overall global systems environment. We have since been working around the clock to restore our systems and, as we finalize this Annual Report, we are making significant progress in returning to normal operations. As I close, a number of thank yous are in order. Thank you to our staff for executing at an incredibly high level daily – particularly our team of IS professionals for working around the clock to get us back online after the cyberattack; our service providers for allowing us to move products on behalf of our customers; our customers for showing such a great deal of trust and patience over the last year; and of course, our shareholders for allowing us to continue to do what we do. Supply chain is our calling, and the past year has allowed us to recommit ourselves to the industry we love.

Jeffrey S. Musser

President and Chief Executive Officer
