2021 was a turning point. Today we are closer to our goal of becoming the preeminent leader of professional and technical solutions for our clients, as well as continuing to be a global front runner in the engineering and construction industry. As markets return, we are well-positioned to grow profitably in all three of our business segments: Energy Solutions, Urban Solutions and Mission Solutions. Our balance sheet is strong, and we have stabilized our capital structure. We developed, communicated and implemented our new strategy, Building a Better Future, which includes four strategic priorities throughout 2021. A brief report on each of these follows, as well as an overview of our focus on people, clients and shareholders. Later, you can read about our focus on Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG), including DE&I and sustainability. Our forward focus has already led to noteworthy accomplishments and created momentum that will help us achieve the goals we have set for 2022 and beyond. DRIVING GROWTH ACROSS THE PORTFOLIO In 2021, we experienced substantial expansion in many of our end markets. In Energy Solutions, we booked major awards in our ICA Fluor joint venture, the engineering, fabrication and construction partnership of Fluor and Empresas ICA. We were also extremely active in various components of energy transition, a global megatrend that will help drive our overall growth. We maintained our position as the industry leader in mining copper and gold, signed major contracts with life sciences leaders such as Fuji Film and DSM, and opened a strategic technology hub in Copenhagen. This new office positions us closer to clients and provides an important local presence in Europe where we are seeing growth opportunities. We are also well-positioned to secure our share of the $110 billion in funding for road and bridge work as a result of the U.S. bipartisan infrastructure bill, which was signed into law in November 2021. We considered 2021 a bridging year for growth and are ready to capture business as markets return this year. Though it did not book in the fourth quarter, the U.S. Department of Energy’s Y-12 National Security Complex and Pantex Plant management and operating contract is an important win for Fluor. With a five-year base period and five one-year options for a total contract period of 10 years if all options are exercised, the contract’s estimated value is $2.8 billion annually. REINFORCING FINANCIAL DISCIPLINE We made significant progress by reducing debt and achieving a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 41%. In early 2022, we renewed and expanded our revolving credit facility to $1.8 billion in a challenging environment. We stabilized our capital structure and maintained a cash balance above $2.2 billion. In addition, we achieved over $50 million in realized overhead savings in 2021, and Project F.I.T., or Fluor in Transition, is making solid progress toward our announced goal of $100 million in annualized cost savings off of a 2020 baseline by 2024. 2021 FINANCIALS For 2021, the company reported revenue of $12.4 billion and a net loss from continuing operations of $144 million, or $1.46 per diluted share. Excluding the settlement of our Dutch pension plan, foreign currency effects and other adjustments, adjusted earnings per diluted share for 2021 were $0.94. Consolidated segment profit for the year was $374 million compared to $333 million in 2020. PURSUING CONTRACTS WITH FAIR AND BALANCED TERMS We improved the quality of our backlog as demonstrated through higher new-award margins versus our 2021 plan. Our Corporate Risk process was enhanced to provide clarity around risk categories for projects, increased transparency and full management accountability. We are focused on our stringent pursuit criteria — over 90% of the prospects in our pipeline are reimbursable. Our 2022 outlook is showing meaningful progress toward our strategic goal of a 75% reimbursable backlog mix. BUILDING A HIGH-PERFORMANCE CULTURE WITH PURPOSE The culture at our company is unique, and Fluor’s people are its greatest strength. From a DE&I perspective, which is addressed in greater detail in the coming pages, we joined CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion™, the largest CEO-driven business commitment to advance diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We also further developed regional Inclusion Councils, expanded employee resource groups, and are tracking and sharing our progress. With respect to sustainability, we made the commitment to eliminate both Scope 1 and Scope 2 absolute greenhouse gas emissions at Fluor by the end of 2023 and have taken important steps toward this goal. We also made positive progress on the acceleration of carbon-free power with the announcement of NuScale’s small modular reactor (SMR) business collaboration agreement with Spring Valley Acquisition Corporation. To drive accountability at senior management levels with both financial and nonfinancial metrics, we implemented a performance scorecard process that includes ESG goals. We also reaffirmed our Core Values and rolled out critical enabling behaviors guidelines. Fluor's Core Values act as our behavioral compass, and our employees live them every day. We embrace these Core Values and are confident that they will guide us as we build a better world. IN MY FIRST YEAR AS CEO, what has impressed me the most about the company is its people. The resilience of Fluor’s employees is truly remarkable. They have weathered significant leadership changes, company financial challenges and a global pandemic. Through it all, our people have remained loyal and committed to excellence. I am proud to showcase some of our amazing talent who have been recognized and profiled within our company. LOOKING FORWARD TO THE FUTURE, our top priorities for 2022 are to continue our focus on customers by leveraging our new key-account relationship-driven process. We intend to increase our momentum by building a healthy and balanced backlog across our portfolio while maintaining our intense focus and progress on our four strategic priorities. As a leader in professional and technical solutions in the engineering and construction space, we are fulfilling our purpose to build a better world. Our preferred positioning in the markets we serve will pay off as post-pandemic client spending increases. We are still in the early days of energy transition, but as this trend gains traction, we are already a leader in this key market. Our expertise and proven capabilities in carbon capture, asset decarbonization, electrification, renewable fuels, blue and green hydrogen, battery chemicals and green ammonia serve as significant opportunities, and we stand ready to support our clients. We are excited about our NuScale progress and opportunities in SMR technology that support the global shift to carbon-free power. In Energy Solutions, the oil, gas and chemicals industry is not going away in the near term, and Fluor is ready to support our clients' needs when spending in that sector fully returns. We are capitalizing on emerging opportunities in Urban Solutions with our positional strength in mining, rapidly growing work in semiconductors, and readiness for road and bridge work. And in Mission Solutions, we are building on our success in serving the Department of Energy and Department of Defense and expanding our technical service offerings, including intelligence and cybersecurity. We have regained shareholder confidence in our balance sheet with a reduction in debt and de-risking of our backlog. Fluor’s global project-execution capabilities and global reach truly set us apart. Our baseload business and diverse service offerings allow us to dampen the cyclical nature of volatile markets. In closing, I want to extend my sincere appreciation to our Board of Directors, whose knowledge of our business and perspectives add significant value to our operations. Our board has been led by Alan Boeckmann as its executive chairman since May 2019. In February 2022, it was announced that Alan will not stand for re-election. Alan’s contributions to Fluor, and to me personally, have been invaluable. We are indebted to him and happy to report that he will continue to be in our corner serving on the board of NuScale Power. I also want to thank our employees, whose tireless contributions and outstanding achievements are the driving force behind our accomplishments. I am proud that clients choose Fluor based on the differentiated value that we provide to solve their business needs. And finally, to our shareholders, I appreciate your ongoing support and confidence in Fluor's focus on building a better future.

DAVID E. CONSTABLE 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
