Dear Shareholders: 2021 We delivered outstanding performance in 2021, driving sales, operating income and earnings per share growth and achieving operating margin improvement. We delivered these results while overcoming numerous external headwinds, including supply chain disruptions and extreme inflation during yet another historically challenging year. Demand for our products was again strong, and our teams worked tirelessly to keep one another safe while delivering for our customers. We also took actions to keep our Company positioned for future outperformance. We advanced our Fortune Brands Advantage capabilities, which make our businesses stronger together, and continued investing in our people and leading brands. As a result, we are driving innovation, expanding capacity, and pursuing exciting growth opportunities throughout the organization. Our commitment to our purpose of Fulfilling the Dreams of Home is resonating, and it reflects our dedication to creating value for all of our stakeholders in an ethical, responsible, and sustainable way. 2021 Financial Highlights For the full year 2021, sales were $7.7 billion, an increase of approximately 26 percent over 2020. Earnings per share were $5.73, up 37 percent. Total company operating margin was 14.6 percent, up 50 basis points. All of our businesses performed exceptionally well. Below are our 2021 results and highlights by segment. PLUMBING The Global Plumbing Group continued to outperform its global and U.S. markets and grew sales across all brands and regions. The year 2021 marks the sixth year in a row that full-year margins exceed 21 percent. Investments in marketing and innovation continued to fuel market-beating results, along with investments in capacity and distribution to help meet demand and better serve customers. Momentum remains strong across the group. Plumbing Financial Highlights: ● Sales increased 25 percent to over $2.8 billion ● Operating income was up 29 percent to $633 million ● Operating margin was 22.9 percent OUTDOORS & SECURITY Outdoors & Security all delivered double-digit growth in 2021, highlighting widespread strength across the brands. Outdoor living continues to show sustained momentum, and we remain focused on expanding our presence in this attractive category. Security also delivered strong performance in 2021, and the team continues to make progress toward its strategic goals, including innovation-led growth and margin expansion. Outdoors & Security Financial Highlights: ● Sales increased 44 percent to $2.0 billion ● Operating income was up 49 percent to $305 million ● Operating margin was 14.9 percent CABINETS Cabinets’ performance is a testament to how agile the business has become. Sales increased to the mid-teens for the full year, with growth across product lines at all price points. Demand remained strong, and we are executing strategies to increase efficiency and align our growth with the highest returning opportunities. Cabinets Financial Highlights: ● Sales increased 16 percent to $2.9 billion ● Operating income was up 12 percent to $287 million ● Operating margin was 10.1 percent Driving Outperformance In 2021, we celebrated 10 years as a public company. I am proud of how we have consistently produced exceptional results while simultaneously investing in key strategic initiatives that will drive the business for the future. We have the tools and the opportunities for continued above-market growth and outperformance, and we will maintain the discipline, agility, and execution for which we have become known. Looking to the future, Fortune Brands is investing across the enterprise to make digital excellence a new and transformative Fortune Brands Advantage capability. We are excited to advance our digital journey in 2022 and are confident that digital excellence will become a true advantage for our Company. We will continue to leverage our amazing brands, innovation, and operating efficiency to create products which enrich the lives of millions, while delivering for stakeholders. We believe our future remains every bit as bright — or brighter — as we look forward to the next 10 years. Regards, 

Nicholas I. Fink 

Chief Executive Officer
