Fellow Shareholders, In 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic challenged our businesses, our employees, and our communities in countless ways. Our Fortive team members around the world demonstrated courage and adaptability as we pulled together to keep our employees safe, adjust to remote work, help frontline workers with innovative new technologies, and support our customers while making significant progress against a broad range of strategic imperatives. Our portfolio has never been better positioned to make significant impact across a broad range of growth opportunities. This year has demonstrated the true capability of our team and the power of the Fortive Business System (FBS), even under the most challenging conditions. 2020 Highlights Despite the challenges posed by the pandemic, our team’s disciplined application of FBS and the resilience and durability of our portfolio resulted in outstanding free cash flow performance and a notable increase in adjusted operating profit and earnings per share. We achieved strong results across a range of financial metrics and strategic initiatives:  Generated free cash flow of $902 million, a year-overyear increase of 44%.  Achieved adjusted gross profit margin of 56.9%.  Expanded core operating margin expansion of +50 basis points.  Accelerated investments in AI and machine learning through investments in our innovation hub, The Fort, and the acquisition of ehsAI, a leading provider of AI-driven compliance management.  Formed a joint innovation studio with Pioneer Square Labs to solve critical customer problems through emerging technologies.  Seamlessly separated Vontier as an independent company, a critical milestone in our portfolio transformation.  Successfully integrated Advanced Sterilization Products (ASP). A Transformative Year Fortive is more focused than ever on essential technologies for connected workflow solutions across a broad range of applications including environmental, health and safety compliance, industrial condition monitoring, next-generation product design, and healthcare safety solutions. Following the integration of ASP and the spin-off of our mobility and transportation businesses to form Vontier, we have realigned our portfolio around three strategic segments. Across our new segments, our strong brands and market positions form a stable foundation for an increasingly resilient portfolio with high growth potential. By unlocking the power of our proprietary hardware data with data-driven software solutions, we empower our customers to achieve new breakthroughs in productivity, quality, and innovation using next-generation technologies. Our Intelligent Operating Solutions harness applied intelligence and advanced analytics to ensure safety and compliance, improve energy efficiency, and optimize performance. Our Precision Technologies help solve tough technical challenges to advance world-changing research and product development. And our Advanced Healthcare Solutions apply intelligent technologies to improve healthcare delivery and help providers focus on the best possible patient care. Forging the Future of FBS to Accelerate Innovation Our culture of continuous improvement helps us stay a step ahead of the evolving needs of our customers and our teams. FBS is far more than a productivity initiative—it’s our competitive advantage for driving innovation and delivering transformational technology for our customers. The key to our success lies in our ability to adapt FBS to changing circumstances and our evolving portfolio. As software and recurring revenue make up more of our business, we’re expanding FBS to drive net dollar retention and accelerate growth through commercial excellence and cutting-edge leadership tools. We’re investing in The Fort to deepen our skill sets in data analytics, artificial intelligence, and machine learning and scaling our FBS Growth Accelerator tools to incorporate fast-cycle experimentation and other early-stage innovation techniques. We also successfully adapted FBS tools to a digital environment to support work from home with video training tools and virtual kaizens. Across these forward-looking initiatives, FBS anchors our culture and elevates our impact. Building on Our Strong and Inclusive Culture COVID-19 has tested us, but our adaptability helped us adjust quickly to deliver on our promises to our teams, customers, and communities. As you’ll see in the pages that follow, in 2020 we used rapid experimentation and ingenuity to move forward in transformative new ways. Our response provided a new opportunity for our strong culture and empathetic leadership to shine through as we prioritized physical and emotional health. Across the board, we embraced remote work and new forms of collaboration that will endure and make us better in the future. We accelerated our own digital transformation to prioritize our employees’ safety and productivity while keeping our customers’ mission-critical operations uninterrupted. As we incorporate more forward-looking innovation and technology into our day-to-day operations, we’re also thinking about the team we will need to support continued digital transformation and rapid change. We’re expanding our talent acquisition strategy to strengthen our digital capabilities, recruit transformational leaders, and scale growth to support our long-term vision and goals. A core part of that future is a culture of inclusion for all our employees. I’m proud of the concrete steps we have taken, which include investing in diversity recruiting and launching a wide range of new Fortive-wide employee and friends resource groups. We’ve also expanded our commitment to the CEO Action for Diversity and Inclusion Pledge by participating in the 2021 Racial Equity Fellowship. Advancing Corporate Social Responsibility At Fortive, corporate social responsibility (CSR) is critical to advancing our corporate strategy and living our values through local and global community actions. We drove significant progress in 2020, demonstrating our commitment to transparency through public reports aligned to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and CDP Climate Change disclosure and a new materiality assessment to evaluate key environmental, social, and governance issues. We applied our FBS tools to improve our greenhouse gas emissions accounting and reporting, scale energy kaizens across our portfolio, and establish standard work for emissions reductions. We transitioned our sustainability data collection to our own Intelex platform to unlock faster progress and more powerful analytics. We successfully launched the Fortive Foundation, awarded 54 scholarships for undergraduate and graduate study through the Fortive Scholarship Program, and held our 4th annual Day of Caring event for worldwide community service. Each year we ask our employees to evaluate how well we meet our promise to provide workplaces where all can thrive—the latest Employee Experience survey demonstrated 77% engagement, with many indicators at or above global benchmarks. More details on the impact of these activities will be published in our 2020 CSR report later this year. As we work to make the world stronger, safer, and smarter, we’ll continue to apply our ingenuity and our innovation to become a more sustainable company. Looking Forward We talk frequently about generosity and optimism at Fortive, and I’m extraordinarily grateful to our global teams for demonstrating these qualities during an especially challenging year. I feel optimistic as we turn our focus to 2021 and beyond. Our portfolio is stronger than ever. Our team is better than ever. Our capacity for innovation and world-shaping impact, with FBS driving us forward, is stronger than ever. We have a clear sense of where we’re headed and the mindset and toolset we need to get there. Thank you for joining us on this bold journey, and for putting your trust in us. 

James A. Lico 

President and Chief Executive Officer
