Dear fellow stockholders, Progress. It takes vision, ingenuity, teamwork and persistence. Seventy-five years ago, our firm began as a small mutual fund company in New York. Throughout our history, we have invested in our business to build a truly diversified and resilient organization. We help investors achieve their investment goals, with a commitment to serving our clients, employees and shareholders across economic cycles and through changing industry environments. Today, we are one of the world’s largest asset managers, with over $1.5 trillion in assets under management (AUM) and more than 100 offices in over 30 countries spanning the globe. Though much has changed, our commitment to progress for the benefit of our investors and clients has not. It’s in our company’s DNA, handed down from one generation to the next. Our focus continues to be on our mission: to help people all over the world achieve the most important financial milestones of their lives. Our fiscal year ending September 30, 2021, represented the first full year of results since we closed our landmark acquisition of Legg Mason with its specialist investment managers (SIMs). As we stated at the time, this is a growth story for our firm. Through the hard work and dedication of our employees, we have successfully joined two world-class firms with the ongoing goal of maximizing our collective potential. We are pleased to report that the financial and strategic benefits from the acquisition have exceeded our initial goals, and we have added important growth opportunities. Benefiting from a year of strong market performance, our fiscal year-end AUM stood at $1.53 trillion, an increase of 8% from the previous year. Fiscal year adjusted net income was $1.9 billion, which is a 46% increase over last year, reflecting the acquisition of Legg Mason, as well as strong execution in delivering those results.1 Furthermore, we continued to forge ahead over the past year with additional strategic acquisitions to bolster our alternative and active fixed income capabilities. Moreover, we added sophisticated investment technology that will help us customize portfolios for retail clients at scale. We have built a diversified business across asset class, vehicle, client type and region, and believe we are well positioned to meet investors’ needs, with key offerings in alternatives; fixed income; equities; separately managed accounts (SMAs); and environmental, social and corporate governance (ESG) investing. We have created a management team consisting of key representation from Franklin Templeton, Legg Mason and our SIMs. We have maintained our culture, while invigorating collaboration and innovation across the firm. Our efforts have created a more robust organization, one that combines the best of global strength and boutique specialization—and we are pleased to share with you our progress and vision for the future. Investment performance leads to increased client demand Over the past year, equity markets broadly recovered from the depths of the pandemic lows, largely due to a strong rebound in corporate earnings, which were supported by continued accommodative monetary and fiscal policies globally. Fixed income markets saw inflation rise to a multi-decade high without a corresponding increase in interest rates. With this backdrop, investment performance continued to strengthen across a broad array of our investment strategies. Through the end of the fiscal year, 71%, 69%, 72% and 77% of our strategy composites outperformed their respective benchmarks across the four key time periods.2 We had 53% of our mutual fund AUM in funds with four- or five-star ratings by Morningstar,3 compared to 43% a year ago.4 Improved performance has led to increased and more diversified gross sales as well as improved redemption rates. Following the Legg Mason acquisition, we created an enhanced distribution model with a more region-centric sales approach—pushing decision-making and resources closer to our clients. The result: positive sales momentum. Our distribution teams’ sales initiatives are building deeper relationships and increasing diversification in flows across funds, vehicles and asset classes. These factors have helped reduce total net outflows since the time of the acquisition. Fiscal year long-term inflows doubled to $365 billion from the prior year, reflecting the larger size of the firm following the Legg Mason transaction and including important sales successes. Notably, the U.S., which is our largest sales region with over $1.1 trillion in AUM, was long-term net flow positive. In terms of notable organic growth, we saw positive net flows in our core growth areas, including alternatives, SMAs, wealth management and ESG-specific strategies. On the product development front, one example that illustrates the successful partnering of our SIMs’ investment capabilities with the combined reach of our distribution platform was the launch of the $1.0 billion (pre-leverage) Western Asset Diversified Income Fund. This was our largest fixed income closed-end fund IPO and delivered a compelling solution that met the needs of our clients. Opportunities ahead We live in a time of rapid change. Innovation is transforming entire industries—and investment management is no exception. There are a number of important trends influencing our industry, and we believe Franklin Templeton is well positioned to capitalize on these opportunities. Expanding access to alternative investments Our clients deserve the broadest range of investment choice, and we believe that individual investors should have access to the same alternative investments as large institutions. Alternatives are an important part of any portfolio because the performance and return drivers differ from more traditional investments and have demonstrated beneficial risk and return characteristics in periods of higher interest rates and volatile markets. According to Boston Consulting Group, alternatives are projected to reach as high as 16% of global AUM by 2025 (up from 9% in 2003), and account for 46% of global asset management revenue.5 Several years ago, we announced our intention to create a full range of alternative strategies and we have been very deliberate in building our capabilities. Our acquisition of Benefit Street Partners in 2018 brought us a leading alternative credit manager, and in 2020, we added a world-class real estate manager with Clarion Partners. This focus on alternatives led us to the announcement, subsequent to fiscal year end, of the acquisition of Lexington Partners, a leader in secondary private equity and co-investments. Given the overall size and growth of private equity and the likelihood of further private markets expansion, having a SIM tied to this sector of alternative assets is a logical step in the diversification of our business. With this acquisition, we now have top-tier specialist investment managers in all the key alternative categories. Upon the closing of the Lexington transaction (expected by the end of the second fiscal quarter of 2022), we expect our alternative assets AUM to approach $200 billion. Three-quarters of a century ago, we brought mutual funds to individual investors, and our moves in alternatives are aligned with that continuing mission: democratizing access and delivering the best service and outcomes for our investors. Prioritizing ESG and sustainability in investment decisions Investors are more focused on ESG and sustainable investing than ever. The shift is, only in part, generational. While younger retail investors are increasingly seeking investments that reflect their values, most investors now recognize the importance of ESG considerations. Increasingly, there are two deeply nuanced motivations that drive investor demand: ESG factors as drivers of risk and return in a portfolio, and the overall impact of sustainable investments to society and the environment. The latter increasingly recognizes that people, the planet and profit can be deeply interconnected. As an active manager, we are proud to offer a wide range of ESG and sustainable solutions, and we believe the scale of Franklin Templeton allows us to invest in the critical technology that will help each of our boutique managers evaluate ESG investments. Today, most of Franklin Templeton’s AUM integrates ESG considerations into the investment process, and more than $200 billion in AUM is managed with this specific focus. We are committed to advancing ESG goals while making sure these investments are productive, profitable and make an impact. This year, we launched our Corporate Social Responsibility Report, introducing a six-dimension framework. We established goals and priorities in the areas of ESG and sustainable investing, diversity and inclusion (D&I) and the environment. In the same spirit, we launched our Stewardship and Sustainability Council, with membership from across all our SIMs, to share ideas and harness best practices across our independent investment teams and asset classes. As an example of our progress, the Franklin Templeton investment groups and three SIMs—ClearBridge Investments, Brandywine Global and Martin Currie— joined the Net Zero Asset Managers Initiative, through which we will contribute to the goal of achieving global net zero emissions by 2050. Unlocking the power and promise of technology At Franklin Templeton, we have a long history of innovation and embracing technology. We intend to lead the industry in the shift to technology-enabled finance and believe the coming wave of mass personalization provides an incredible opportunity to customize our approach for a wider array of investors, including the ability to enhance support for financial professionals through digital servicing capabilities. On the final day of the fiscal year, we announced our plans to acquire O’Shaughnessy Asset Management, a leading quantitative asset management firm and Custom Index provider through its Canvas® platform. This transaction will complement Franklin Templeton’s existing strengths in SMAs and customized solutions with the power of Custom Indexing—individual accounts managed to closely track an index or other benchmark strategy while being tailored for each client’s preferences and goals, including factor based, tax management and ESG customization needs. Custom Indexing represents a significant area of growth in asset management today, and Canvas allows financial advisors to build and manage Custom Indexes in separately managed accounts. We also believe that tokenization and blockchain will be integral to the investment process of the future. That’s why we are building tools in the digital asset ecosystem, and unlike many in the space, we bring the resources, reach and expertise to support this innovation from beginning to end, including regulatory, custody, digital wallet creation and the legal and risk management structures required for long-term success. In 2021, Franklin Templeton launched the world’s first tokenized U.S.-registered mutual fund, Franklin OnChain U.S. Government Money Fund. Token holders gain exposure to the fund in digital wallets, and we expect that these tokens will eventually be interchangeable with the rest of the digital asset ecosystem. Diversity & inclusion The past year sparked a vital conversation about racism and bias in our world. Progress, after all, requires thoughtful, long-term commitment from communities, companies, governments and individuals. As a firm, we have placed a focus on D&I for many years. We value diversity, and we believe that, by maximizing our collective strengths and perspectives, we can best serve our employees and clients. While there is much still to do, we have been continually expanding efforts to attract, develop and retain underrepresented employees. For example, we participated in McKinsey’s Black Executive Leadership Program and Management Accelerator, which helps organizations improve their talent pipeline. The program is now available to ethnically diverse leaders globally. An important part of our journey is to amplify the voices of and gather insights from employees across eight business resource groups (BRGs). In this past year, we have expanded our Black Empowerment Network BRG with a chapter in Canada, established a new Ethnicity BRG and formed a BRG focused on the Asian and Pacific Islander community. All this being said, we know that good intentions do not equal results and as such we are implementing accountability measures at all levels of the firm. Leading into fiscal year 2022, we are requiring all employees to have a D&I goal in their performance plans. We are also focused on increasing the competitiveness of our candidate pools and instituting a requirement of diverse candidate slates for external hires director level and above. Ready for the future As 2022 represents our 75th anniversary as a company and fiscal year 2021 marked our 50th year as a publicly traded firm, we are invigorated by the progress we have made. And yet, in so many ways, we are just getting started. I would like to thank our employees who bring this progress to life each and every day. They continue to work tirelessly for our shareholders and each other, and they have my deep admiration and respect. The world is alive with change and opportunity, and Franklin Templeton sits at the forefront. We are poised for many more decades of excellence and dynamism, and we are grateful to those who support our work and who trust us to help them achieve their goals. Thank you for the confidence you place in us. Sincerely, 

Jennifer M. Johnson 

President Chief Executive Officer
