DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS The year 2020 was a year of extraordinary accomplishment for our company. The theme of this year’s annual report, “Charging Ahead,” highlights our momentum achieved through resiliency, strong operating performance and project execution. Supported by a favorable market outlook, we have established a solid foundation for future growth. During 2020, our global team responded in an exceptional fashion to the challenges of the pandemic — safeguarding our people, communities and assets. Notably, we were successful in meeting critical milestones on our key growth projects, positioning us for significant free cash flow generation. Our successes resulted in Freeport being the top performing stock in our peer group and the eighth best performing stock in the S&P 500 during 2020. In February 2021, our Board of Directors (Board) adopted a new financial policy for the allocation of cash flows aligned with our strategic objectives of maintaining a strong balance sheet, increasing cash returns to shareholders and advancing opportunities for future growth. The new policy includes a base dividend of $0.30 per share per annum and a performance based framework whereby up to 50 percent of available cash flows generated after planned capital spending and distributions to noncontrolling interests would be allocated to shareholder returns and the balance to debt reduction and investments in value enhancing growth projects. Freeport is foremost in copper. Copper is a critical metal essential to the global economy and increasingly important in the achievement of the global clean energy transition. Copper prices rose significantly in late 2020 and early 2021 in response to increased demand from China, growing recognition of copper’s role in the energy transition and the limited ability of the industry to increase supply. With 70 percent of the world’s copper supply used to deliver electricity, the intensity of copper use is expected to increase in the coming years. Like Freeport, copper also is “Charging Ahead.” Our company has a world-class portfolio of long-lived assets in the copper industry and a global team with industry-leading technical skills supported by a highly motivated, experienced management and administrative organization. In 2020, we advanced the largest block caving operation in the world at our Grasberg underground mine in Indonesia. We also completed on-time and on-budget the Lone Star project in Arizona. Lone Star has the potential to be a future cornerstone asset for our company. 2021 PRIORITIES — CHARGING AHEADOngoing cost and capital management; automation and innovation initiatives Continue momentum of underground ramp-up at Grasberg Balanced financial policy — debt reduction, investments and shareholder returns Deliver on environmental, social and governance commitments Advance evaluations for future organic growth New Financial Policy In addition to the strong operating and financial performance in 2020, we are “Charging Ahead — Responsibly, Reliably and Relentlessly” to advance our ESG efforts. We committed to the Copper Mark, a new assurance framework developed by the International Copper Association to promote and demonstrate responsible production practices, focusing on contributing to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. We established a greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions target and enhanced transparency with our inaugural climate and water reports, which are available on our website. We took a leading role with the International Council on Metals and Mining (ICMM) to develop a new global standard on tailings management for the mining industry. This was a major undertaking by the industry and by our company and reflects the importance of managing tailings storage facilities safely and responsibly. As a founding member of the ICMM, Freeport has played an active role in many key initiatives of ICMM through the years. In August 2020, I was elected to a two-year term as Chair of ICMM after serving two previous terms as Chair from 2008-2011. Our response to the COVID-19 pandemic highlights the importance we place on the well-being of our people — workforce safety will always be our highest priority. We are pleased to report that our safety statistics in 2020, measured by incident rates, met our targets. Regrettably, we had five fatalities in our operations in 2020, underscoring the importance of our fatality prevention programs. We remain committed to the safety of our people and will continue to place our highest priority on fatality prevention programs. In early 2021, Gerald J. Ford notified us of his intention to retire from our Board effective upon the expiration of his current term, which ends in June 2021. We thank him for his leadership, counsel and dedicated service over many years. Dusty McCoy was named Lead Independent Director and I was appointed Chairman. This leadership structure confirms our continued commitment to our focused strategy while providing robust independent oversight and guidance. In connection with our ongoing Board refreshment process, we added two new directors in April 2021, David P. Abney, retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of United Parcel Service, Inc., and Robert W. “Bob” Dudley, retired Group Chief Executive of BP, p.l.c. David and Bob are exceptional leaders with proven track records and experience in global business, corporate governance and a wide range of matters relevant to Freeport. We commend our global organization on their resilience in a complicated operating environment. We are proud of their accomplishments and thank them for their strong execution during 2020. We also appreciate our Board for their steadfast advice and support as we navigated through an uncertain business environment. We are enthusiastic about copper and the future prospects for our business and look forward to reporting to you on our progress during 2021. We are “Charging Ahead.

Respectfully yours,

RICHARD C. ADKERSON 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
