TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

As a global service organization engaged in the distribution of automotive and industrial replacement parts… we keep the world moving! This is our purpose and the foundation for how we do business. 2021 was an exceptional year for GPC. Following the unprecedented challenges of 2020, our team was focused on advancing the strategic priorities for our global automotive and industrial businesses. With the backdrop of our multi-year portfolio optimization strategy, the economic recovery and strong industry fundamentals, we generated double-digit sales and earnings growth and significantly improved our profit margin. These results drove strong cash flow which further supported our balance sheet strength and capital allocation priorities.

THE YEAR IN REVIEW In 2021, total GPC sales were $18.9 billion, a 14.1% increase from 2020. Net earnings were $899 million and diluted earnings per share were $6.23 on a GAAP basis, or $997 million and $6.91 per diluted share on an adjusted basis, representing a 31% increase from adjusted earnings per share in the prior year and a new record. Our strategy for top-line growth includes a combination of organic and acquisitive initiatives designed to outpace the industry, improve market share and position the Company for long-term profitable growth. For the year, we improved our operating performance and delivered a 60-basis point increase in segment margin by leveraging our strong top-line growth, executing pricing and sourcing actions and further streamlining our cost structure via initiatives to optimize the productivity of our distribution network. These efforts resulted in our sixth consecutive year of improved gross margins and served to offset inflationary cost pressures in areas such as wages and freight. Our team was also focused on further strengthening our balance sheet and maintaining ample liquidity. Working capital improved to 6% of total sales and we lowered our debt by $268 million, ending the year with a Debt to EBITDA ratio of 1.4x and $2.2 billion in liquidity. Additionally, we generated $1.3 billion in cash from operations and $1.0 billion in free cash flow. We effectively deployed our cash with a balanced approach of investing for enhanced productivity and growth and returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. BUSINESS UPDATE The Automotive Group generated $12.5 billion in global revenues in 2021, up 15.5% from 2020. The increase in total sales includes 11% organic sales growth driven by the benefits of our strategic initiatives combined with the economic recovery and strong demand throughout the year. The strength in automotive was led by double-digit organic sales increases in the U.S., Europe and Australasia, with Canada posting mid-single digit sales growth. In the U.S., our focus on key commercial sales programs, B2B and B2C omni-channel investments and pricing strategies drove strong sales with both the Do-it-for-Me (DIFM) and Doit-Yourself (DIY) customer segments. In addition, the economic recovery provided further tailwinds for DIFM demand, with significant improvement in miles driven, delays of new car production and elevated used car prices driving strong demand. Overall, the favorable sales environment outweighed the supply chain challenges encountered throughout the year. Our European operations had the strongest sales growth across our geographies, with the U.K. and Benelux outperforming. The growth in Europe reflects our focus on key account development, industry leading inventory availability and the continued roll-out of the NAPA brand. Likewise, in Australasia, the ongoing expansion of our NAPA store strategy and accelerated B2B and B2C digital initiatives drove solid sales again in 2021, with this operation reporting nearly 20% organic growth on a two-year stack. Automotive sales also benefited from the positive impact of bolt-on acquisitions throughout the year. We expanded our global footprint with the addition of several new store groups, including entry into Ireland, and invested in online automotive companies to enhance our digital capabilities. The combination of organic and inorganic growth initiatives combined with our ongoing cost and productivity measures resulted in a 60-basis point improvement in the automotive segment margin. This represents a 100-basis point increase from 2019. The Industrial Group generated total global sales of $6.3 billion in 2021, an 11% increase from 2020 and inclusive of 10% organic sales growth. This group posted double-digit organic sales increases in the second, third and fourth quarters, driven by the positive impact of key sales initiatives, the ongoing industrial recovery and broad increase in customer productivity. With these factors in mind, we achieved sales increases across virtually all product categories and industries served. During the year, we enhanced our digital sales capabilities to accelerate e-commerce growth with existing and new customers, and our strategic pricing initiatives also generated incremental sales. To effectively leverage our top-line growth, the industrial team was also focused on a number of gross margin and operational priorities, and we executed on several measures to advance the productivity of our distribution network. All in, we improved our industrial segment margin by 90-basis points, or 130-basis points from 2019, achieving our fifth consecutive annual increase and highest margin since 2000. In December, we announced the acquisition of Kaman Distribution Group (“KDG”) which closed January 3, 2022. KDG is a leading power transmission, automation and fluid power industrial distributor and solutions provider with operations across the U.S. and approximately $1.1 billion in annual sales. This highly synergistic acquisition enhances our scale and further strengthens our market-leading position. We look forward to creating significant shareholder value as a premier leader in industrial solutions. KEY MANAGEMENT CHANGES We want to recognize Carol B. Yancey, our EVP and Chief Financial Officer, who has announced her plan to retire at the end of May. Carol has served in a variety of key financial roles throughout her distinguished 30-year career with the Company, including the last nine years as CFO. We can’t thank her enough for her outstanding leadership and numerous contributions to the success of the Company over this time. Carol will be greatly missed, and we wish her all the best in her retirement. We are very pleased to welcome Bert Nappier as our next Chief Financial Officer. Bert is a strategic financial executive with broad expertise in key areas such as global finance, operations and business strategy. He joins GPC with a diverse background spanning 25 years, including the last 16 years with FedEx Corporation, and we are confident he will be a valuable addition to our executive management team. We look forward to his contributions to the next phase of growth at GPC. In June 2021, Naveen Krishna joined the Company as EVP and Chief Information and Digital Officer. Naveen has more than 25 years of technology experience primarily in the omni-channel retail and consumer products industries and has responsibility for leading the strategy and direction for all technology and digital initiatives. We are excited for Naveen’s leadership as we enhance the customer experience and establish technology capabilities that advance our long-term strategy. ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY In 2021, we further executed our “Roadmap to Sustainability” to meet the needs of our customers, attract and retain talent, benefit the communities in which we work, preserve the environment and serve our shareholders. We prioritize lowering our carbon footprint, giving back to communities and ensuring equality, equity and fair treatment for our teammates, suppliers and customers. In September, we published our 2021 Sustainability Report Update, highlighting our progress in promoting diversity, equity and inclusion and reducing our greenhouse gas emissions, among other initiatives. We are proud of our teammates for their resilience and contributions to advancing our sustainability goals, yet it’s an ongoing journey. We are currently measuring, assessing and analyzing our global carbon emissions and plan to formalize our carbon emissions reduction plan and targets in 2022. We believe that our sustainability efforts are an important element of creating long-term shareholder value, and we invite you to visit the sustainability page on GPC’s website to learn more about our company-wide commitment to this important initiative. FINAL THOUGHTS We are proud of our strong financial performance in 2021 and the many accomplishments of the GPC team throughout the year. As we turn to 2022, we remain confident in our plans for accelerated growth and profitability as we build on the underlying momentum in our automotive and industrial operations and begin to realize the benefits from our acquisition of KDG. We are well-positioned to support our growth plans and provide for disciplined, value creating capital allocation, and we look forward to sharing our progress with you. In closing, we extend a sincere thank you to all our stakeholders – our teammates, customers, suppliers, shareholders and the communities in which we operate – for your commitment to and ongoing support of Genuine Parts Company.

Respectfully submitted,

Paul D. Donahue 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
