Dear Fellow Stockholders, Amidst the second year of a global pandemic, 2021 was a year of both resilience and growth. Our global team of employees remained dedicated to delivering excellent service and quality to our customers. Not only did we continue to innovate and design more sustainable products, we also commissioned our new state-of-the-art machine in Kalamazoo, Michigan. We completed the strategic acquisitions of AR Packaging, one of Europe’s largest fiber-based consumer packaging producers, and Americraft Carton, a large independent carton manufacturer in the United States. We also concluded our partnership with International Paper with the redemption of the final tranche of their minority ownership interest. Our growth trajectory continued as we posted 2% net organic sales1 growth for the year, at the high end of our target range of 1% to 2%. Inflationary pressures were significant in 2021, temporarily impacting profitability, but we executed well and largely offset this headwind. We implemented multiple pricing initiatives and once again improved net performance. Our integration rate increased 200 basis points to 72% and we maintained strong liquidity of $1.3 billion at year end. Overall, we are doing what we said we would do. With the tremendous work our team accomplished, I am pleased to report Graphic Packaging’s 2021 financial performance. Progress on Vision 2025 Fiber-based consumer packaging is a superior, sustainable form of packaging across the full product life cycle. Consumer preference for fiber-based packaging and products has increased as societies move to a more circular economy. This momentum and the investments we continue to make in innovation provide confidence we can achieve our Vision 2025 goals. In 2021, we made progress across each of the four Vision 2025 pillars. Growing with the Best Customers in the Best Markets Sustainability and environmentally friendly solutions continue to be top of mind for consumers, legislators, and brands around the world. In 2021, the Single Use Plastic Directive took effect in Europe, which banned certain plastic products and directed member states to enact regulations to reduce single-use plastic consumption. Numerous municipalities in the United States also implemented regulations banning specific plastic packaging. With our focus on this consumer trend, we continued our innovations, addressing market demands for plastic packaging alternatives. KeelClip™, our fiber-based alternative to plastic rings and shrink film, continued to grow. In 2021, we further expanded into new geographies including Canada and Brazil. We also extended our multipack portfolio by launching the Cap-It™ system, a fiber-based clip solution for PET bottles. Both innovations use our proprietary high-speed packaging machinery that can achieve the speeds and scale required by global beverage manufacturers. Our award-winning PaperSeal® line of trays offer brands and retailers a paperboard alternative that reduces plastic usage by up to 90%. PaperSeal continues to gain traction with sales doubling in 2021. We launched PaperSeal Cook in 2021, which extends the PaperSeal technology to oven and microwave-ready chilled and frozen food applications. ProducePack™, another award-winning plastic substitution line of packaging for fresh fruits and vegetables, has enjoyed success in both the European and North American markets. We expanded the line and launched ProducePack Punnet, suitable for a wide range of applications to deliver an effective alternative to traditional plastic packaging. Made from renewable paperboard, it can achieve up to a 100% reduction in plastic when a barrier coating is not required. Finally OptiCycleTM, a new, innovative line of non-polyethylene (PE) coated foodservice cups and cartons, was launched during the year. OptiCycle products are made to be more easily recyclable and allow for greater fiber recovery during the recycling process versus alternative barrier technologies. Generating Superior Returns Our Company’s history of strong financial performance provides the opportunity to exercise a balanced approach to capital allocation. 2021 was no different as we continued to invest back into the business and execute strategic M&A. In 2019, we announced our transformational investment in a new world-class CRB machine. In 2022, we are producing commercial paperboard of the highest quality with the best cost structure in the world. Our K2 machine and CRB optimization project is expected to return $130 million of incremental annual Adjusted EBITDA over three years, and will also reduce greenhouse gases, water usage and purchased energy. We became the leading fiber-based consumer packaging company in Europe as a result of the AR Packaging acquisition that we completed in November 2021. This transaction added sales of approximately $1.2 billion and 26 converting plants. Europe now represents approximately 22% of net sales on a pro-forma basis. The acquisition further strengthens organic growth opportunities by adding new market segments such as Healthcare & Beauty and by expanding our presence in Eastern Europe. The Americraft Carton acquisition strengthened our U.S. consumer portfolio. Our strategic allocation of capital over the last two years has transformed the business. We expanded our global footprint, strengthened our innovation capabilities, and entered new growth market segments. Over this same two-year period, we also returned over $1 billion to stakeholders through dividends, distributions, redemptions and share repurchases. Focus on Improving the Planet We take pride in our ability to develop innovative products that provide value to our customers while helping them achieve their sustainability objectives. Ninety-eight percent of our sales come from products that can be recycled today. We are making solid progress on our planet goals as well. With the completion of the K2 CRB machine start-up and execution of our CRB platform optimization plan, we will drive incremental improvements towards our water, energy and GHG intensity reduction goals. We also submitted a letter of commitment to the Science-Based Target (SBT) Initiative to establish SBTs that will focus our efforts on mitigating the GHG emissions from both our operations and our supply chain. We further advanced our sustainable growth vision in 2021 by hiring our first Chief Sustainability Officer and becoming a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC). As a signatory, we formalized our commitment to act in accordance with the UNGC’s 10 principles of the compact, covering human rights, labor, the environment, and to take action in support of the broader UN Sustainable Development Goals. As we look forward, our focus will be on refining the interconnection of ESG with our sustainable growth strategy and advancing reporting transparency on topics that are most impactful for stakeholders. Engaging our Employees in a High-Performance Culture Important to the Company’s long-term success is ensuring our people feel safe, valued, included and engaged—from recruitment to retirement. We are focusing on human capital objectives; specifically, organizational culture, inclusion and diversity, ethics and compliance, training, and positive employee relations and engagement. In 2021, we launched an inclusion council made up of employees and senior leaders that act on behalf of the Company to oversee our diversity and inclusion programs. We established our first four business resource groups: AAPI+ (Asian American, Pacific Islander), Alianza Latinx+, BEGN+ (Black Employee Global Network) and Women@GPI. Each group is sponsored by a senior executive with a charter to promote the unique cultural differences representative of our global communities. During the year, we held a Women in Leadership Development Experience and a Diversity Speaker Series that was well attended by employees. To continue to develop our people, we partnered with LinkedIn learning and launched front-line and mid-level manager training courses. It was an eventful year and I want to thank our customers for their business, our 25,000 employees for their continued hard work and dedication, and our stockholders for their trust. We intend to further build on our successful platform of innovative fiber-based packaging solutions to benefit our customers, our employees, and all stakeholders. 

Michael P. Doss 

President and Chief Executive Officer
