DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

2020 was an unprecedented year for HollyFrontier. In the face of extraordinary challenges, even as the COVID-19 pandemic and reduced global economic activity affected our businesses and our daily lives, HollyFrontier persevered and took important steps to strengthen our business and extend our long record of value creation. We controlled what we could, focusing on the fundamentals of our business, maintaining a disciplined approach to capital allocation and continuing our efforts to further enhance reliability, safety and efficiency. We made key investments in renewable initiatives that will enable HollyFrontier to capture new opportunities as our industry evolves. We ended the year with a strong balance sheet, healthy liquidity and high-quality assets that position us to capitalize on our competitive advantages. Looking ahead to 2021 and beyond, I believe that HollyFrontier is well-positioned for long-term success as our core businesses rebound and we continue our expansion into renewables. MEETING THE CHALLENGES OF 2020 Beyond the progress we are making with our business, I’m incredibly proud of how our team met the key challenges that defined 2020. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we took a number of actions to protect the health and safety of our employees while continuing safe and responsible operations. In addition to operating our facilities safely throughout the year, members of the HollyFrontier team stepped up to support first responders and healthcare workers by producing and donating hand sanitizer and 3D face shields. HollyFrontier employees also contributed their time and donated to many organizations, helping our neighbors hit hardest by the pandemic. I could not be more proud of this team as we continue to support these efforts today. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the global macro economy created unprecedented demand destruction for many of the transportation fuels, lubricants and specialty products we provide, as well as the associated transportation and terminal services we offer. As a result, volumes and unit margins across our businesses declined in 2020, resulting in lower gross margins and earnings. We saw an improvement in demand for our essential products in the second half of 2020 and believe demand will recover to normalized levels in 2021. With respect to the calls for social justice, like many companies, HollyFrontier recognized the need to look internally and assess whether we as a company are providing the leadership and real opportunities that are expected of a company like HollyFrontier. We have prioritized our diversity efforts in terms of recruiting and hiring, and have also recently added new diverse members to our Board of Directors. HollyFrontier is proud of its increased diversity, from our boardroom to the field, and we are dedicated to continuous improvement on this front. OPERATIONS Despite the market environment, we took concrete actions to reinforce HollyFrontier’s already strong foundation across our Refining, Midstream, and Lubricants and Specialty Products business segments. Some highlights include: Refining: This segment performed well in safety and successfully managed large swings in throughput as customer demand was affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Looking ahead, we are prepared to meet demand as it rebounds and recapture incremental increases in margins. To achieve this, we will rely on the hallmarks of this business: the proximity of our four refineries to crude oil production basins with inland coastal crude discounts and the ability to process various crudes and produce a high percentage of gasoline, diesel fuel and other high value refined products. Midstream: HollyFrontier continues to benefit from Holly Energy Partners, L.P.’s (HEP) strong and stable cash flow stream. HEP’s system of crude pipelines, storage tanks, distribution terminal and loading rack facilities are positioned near HollyFrontier’s refining assets in high growth markets. In 2020, HEP achieved strong volume performance, driven by its oil pipeline systems in Wyoming and Utah, as well as its UNEV product pipeline. Throughout the year, HEP provided stability through its steady financial contribution and made progress on the expansion of its Frontier/SLC crude system. Additionally, 2020 saw the commencement of field construction on a new 160,000 barrel per day crude oil pipeline that will connect the Cushing, Oklahoma crude oil hub to HollyFrontier’s Tulsa refinery. The pipeline is owned by a joint venture between HEP and Plains All American Pipeline LP. The joint venture also owns and operates 1.5 million barrels of crude oil storage in Cushing, supporting HollyFrontier’s Tulsa and El Dorado refineries. During the year, HEP reset its distribution strategy focused on funding all capital expenditures and distributions within free cash flow and maintaining distributable cash flow coverage of 1.3x or greater while reducing leverage to 3.0-3.5x EBITDA. HollyFrontier Lubricants and Specialty Products (HFLSP): This segment produces base oils and specialty lubricants under the PetroCanada Lubricants, Sonneborn, Red Giant Oil (RGO) and HollyFrontier brands. It consists of “Rack Back” operations that capture the value between feedstock cost and base oil market prices and “Rack Forward” operations that capture the value between the base oil market prices and product sale revenues from its well-recognized brands and finished lubricants. At the onset of the pandemic, HFLSP throughput was nearly halved, but the business bounced back quickly to generate strong earnings in the second half of the year. The strong second half performance has us excited about the growth and value creation prospects of the HFLSP business moving forward. Across all of our operations, safety continued to be our top priority in 2020. Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, we achieved strong safety performance in 2020, with a 41% reduction in employee injury rates and 25% reduction in API Tier 1 process safety incidents. We are committed to maintaining a safe work environment enriched by diversity and characterized by championing a culture of teamwork and ownership. DELIVERING SOLID FINANCIAL RESULTS Resilient financial performance in 2020 reflected an emphasis on fundamentals, a disciplined approach to capital allocation, sound operational execution and our sustained concentration on safety and efficiency $458 MILLION Operating Cash Flow $7.29 Refinery Gross Margin per Produced Barrel Sold $1.4 BILLION Cash and Cash Equivalents S&P, FITCH, MOODY’S Investment Grade Credit Rating By thoughtfully managing our balance sheet and liquidity position through the pandemic, HollyFrontier returned approximately $230 million to shareholders in 2020 through regular quarterly dividends. FOCUSING ON THE FUTURE WITH RENEWABLES In 2020, we continued to advance HollyFrontier’s renewables strategy to diversify our business, meet the growing demand for lower carbon fuels and position HollyFrontier for sustainable, long-term success. Our industry is evolving, and there is a significant opportunity to enhance both the profitability and the environmental footprint of HollyFrontier through these investments. We began converting our Cheyenne refinery from a traditional petroleum fuels refinery into a renewable diesel facility, made major strides on engineering and procurement for the renewable diesel unit at our Navajo refinery in Artesia, New Mexico, and announced a feedstock pre-treatment unit in Artesia, New Mexico. Our investment in pre-treatment will enable our facilities to process a wider variety of feedstocks, allowing us to minimize feedstock risk while maximizing low carbon fuel standard value. When completed, our renewable diesel units are expected to produce over 200 million gallons and generate an expected $165 million in annual free cash flow excluding the blender’s tax credit. We expect to begin renewable diesel production in the first quarter of 2022. In September of 2020, we successfully raised $750 million in a public bond offering, which will help support these projects. Looking ahead, we’re excited about the opportunity to strengthen HollyFrontier by placing it at the forefront of the next frontier in energy and will continue seeking opportunities to grow this area of our business. LOOKING AHEAD: WELL POSITIONED TO CAPITALIZE ON THE UP-CYCLE We ended 2020 with solid operational performance and a strong financial foundation. We strategically maintain a conservative balance sheet, positioning HollyFrontier to withstand cyclicality while maintaining our strategic priorities. In 2021, our focus remains on generating high returns while operating safely and efficiently, further improving refinery reliability, progressing our transition into renewables, enhancing our environmental and sustainability performance and reporting, and continuing to prudently deploy capital to advance shareholders’ best interests. Our resilience in 2020 was reflective of our team’s collective perseverance. Due to their work ethic and our collective commitment to safe and responsible operations, we were able to create value for our stakeholders. Our company’s prospects in 2021 are promising as we look forward to better market conditions that will facilitate HollyFrontier’s continued growth, evolution and success. We expect to continue operating reliably and deliver exceptional performance. On behalf of our Board of Directors and our employees, thank you for your trust and investment in HollyFrontier.

Sincerely, 

Michael C. Jennings

Chief Executive Officer and President
