Dear Fellow Owners and Friends: 2021 was a transformational year for Huntington. We completed the largest acquisition in the Company’s history with the addition of TCF, while remaining focused on our vision to become the country’s leading people-first, digitally powered bank. We delivered record total revenue and closed the year with substantial momentum across our businesses. Business activity remains robust into the new year, which gives us confidence in our ability to continue to grow throughout 2022 and beyond. Over the course of 2021, the strength and resiliency of Huntington were clearly evident, and today we are well positioned to benefit from the continued economic expansion and potential for higher interest rates. Along with the closing of the TCF acquisition and the successful integration into Huntington, we pursued our organic growth priorities: investing in our colleagues and revenue-producing initiatives, driving growth of new relationships, and launching digitally powered innovations to support our customers. Our teams have accomplished a tremendous amount while continuing to look out for our customers. They led through a global pandemic, taking care of both our customers and colleagues. They assisted customers converting to Huntington and colleagues joining the Company. With the backdrop of a sustained economic recovery underway, I am bullish on the year ahead. Huntington stands as a powerful franchise with a robust growth outlook and a top-tier return profile, the combination of which should continue to drive value for shareholders. 2021: A Transformational Year Since becoming CEO of Huntington more than a decade ago, one of my primary goals has been to ensure we are positioned to navigate various economic environments. Economic cycles are often difficult to predict, and we must be ready to address an evolving landscape. In my early years, we managed through a global financial crisis, and beginning in 2020 we experienced an unprecedented global pandemic. Huntington was and remains well positioned through these cycles with a strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and capital, and our consistent aggregate moderate-to-low, through-the-cycle risk profile. We are hopeful that the worst of the pandemic is behind us, and we are seeing continued economic recovery across the country. We continue to manage Huntington consistent with our long-term approach, ensuring we are positioned to thrive for many years into the future. You saw us take action in that regard in early 2021, as we accelerated select investments in digital capabilities and increased marketing. We funded several new initiatives, all intended to bolster our growth as we enter a period of sustained economic recovery. Those investments are producing returns today, supporting our growth outlook and driving continued efficiencies across the organization. We completed the combination with TCF mid-year 2021, adding tremendous new talent to the Company and welcoming new directors including our Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Gary Torgow. Coming together with TCF enables a better, stronger Huntington. It accelerates our growth trajectory and broadens our geographic footprint. It has also brought more than 1.5 million customers to Huntington with increased scale and market density, as well as new markets and capabilities. Welcome to our colleagues and welcome to our new customers who are allowing us to serve them. My thanks go to our colleagues whose hard work and dedication delivered our successful integration. We remain intensely focused on our organic growth strategies. During 2021, we delivered robust household growth, with organic consumer households increasing by 4.5% year-over-year, and total household growth reaching 44%. Similarly, business checking relationships increased by 7% on an organic basis, and total business checking growth was 38% year-over-year. These growth rates are a direct result of our strategies in action and are examples of the power of our vision to become the country’s leading peoplefirst, digitally powered bank. They are also a direct outcome of our colleagues taking care of our customers, supported by our leading digital and product capabilities and the strength of our brand. The proven success of our strategic initiatives, digital innovation and dedicated colleagues supports our continued investments in key revenue growth initiatives. During the year we continued to implement digitally powered innovations, launching new capabilities such as Standby Cash® and Early Pay to support consumers and expand our long history of Fair Play banking. I am proud to say these and many other efforts have once again been recognized, with J.D. Power ranking our consumer mobile app as number one among Regional Banks in customer satisfaction for the third year in a row. Additionally, J.D. Power has ranked Huntington as number one in customer satisfaction for Consumer Banking in the North Central Region. In addition, we launched EDGE, a digital tool that uses advanced data and insights tailored to each customer to support our commercial bankers’ engagement efforts. In our commercial banking business, we continued to invest in colleagues and capabilities that produce revenue, adding to treasury management, capital markets, specialty commercial banking, as well as the addition of the inventory finance business. We now have much greater scale and increased capabilities in our businesses than ever before, including middle market and corporate banking, specialty commercial businesses, including healthcare, tech and telecom, franchise, and asset-based lending. We also added an experienced REIT team late last year to bolster our commercial real estate platform and capabilities. We have substantial scale across our footprint, with many of our businesses in top ten positions nationally. We have maintained our number one nationally ranked SBA 7(a) lending program, and recently expanded these capabilities to new states, in addition to expanding our practice finance business. Our equipment finance platform is now the seventh largest for bank-owned businesses in the country. Our home equity lending is ranked fifth nationally, and our auto finance business is the eleventh largest nationally. Our focused investments, continued digital innovation, and expertise across all businesses provide a solid foundation as we enter 2022. This supports our commitment to grow the Company and drive value for shareholders. Delivering the Economics of the TCF Acquisition One of our critical achievements in 2021 was the timely closing and successful integration of TCF. The transaction was announced in December 2020, and we finalized conversion activities ten months later in October 2021. This was our largest acquisition to date, and it was executed impeccably by our experienced colleagues across the bank. Importantly, the deal economics are on track, with expense synergies targeted for completion by the second quarter of 2022. We have also gained early traction on many of the revenue synergy initiatives, which launched over the course of 2021. We believe these revenue synergies are substantial, and they provide us with a multi-year pathway for incremental growth, augmenting our underlying organic growth opportunities. The addition of TCF brought new markets, including sizable geographies such as the Twin Cities and Denver, with combined populations of more than 6.5 million people. We also added new capabilities, such as a leading national inventory finance business, and we strengthened existing commercial specialty capabilities such as equipment finance and commercial real estate. This deal also brought increased density in Michigan and tripled our size in Chicago. These additions and expansions immediately strengthened the franchise and set us up for additional growth opportunities. We are seeing early indicators of success in many of these areas. In the Twin Cities, we have added an experienced wealth management team, leveraging the platform and infrastructure of our existing trust and wealth management business. As of year-end, we have recruited impressive talent and now have a dozen colleagues serving the Twin Cities who are already bringing in new business. As we bring expanded capabilities to these markets, our OCR (Optimal Customer Relationship) strategy continues to yield results. We are seeing great collaboration among our teams in commercial banking, business banking, wealth management, and consumer banking as they bring a holistic relationship approach to our customers. Efforts in Denver are also going very well, with the expansion of commercial banking and business banking teams underway. We are going to market in Denver with a complete commercial and business banking product set, including SBA and practice finance capabilities, as well as corporate banking, assetbased lending, and commercial real estate. Advancing our Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Strategy Throughout 2021, we continued to advance our strong commitment to ESG, which we believe is critical to supporting the long-term sustainability of our business. We have been on our ESG journey for many years, with 2021 reflecting the publication of our fifth annual ESG report. Our work is continuous, and we have aspirational goals to advance our leading ESG efforts. In January of this year, we furthered that commitment to robust ESG oversight from our Board of Directors, renaming our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to Nominating and ESG Committee, to better reflect the Committee’s continued oversight of environmental and social topics, in addition to governance. With our Climate Risk Management and ESG Strategy Team working groups each entering their second year, we have enacted changes intended to further elevate the work of these groups. For example, we have named a Climate Risk Director to facilitate and manage the Climate Risk Management working group. Additionally, we created the role of Environmental Strategy and Sustainability Director to build on our journey toward reducing Huntington’s carbon footprint. During the year, our efforts were recognized with a top quartile ranking by the Climate Disclosure Project (CDP) within the Financial Services Activity Group. Climate risk and climate change remain a priority for Huntington. Climate change is a critical issue for our country and the world, and we are committed to reducing our carbon footprint and continuously improving our environmental performance. We have made considerable progress on our goals to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions, improve the energy efficiency of our facilities, and reduce our water usage and waste. We have also committed to shifting 50% of our electricity usage to renewable generation by 2035, expanding on the work we have done with the installation of solar panel arrays at our major Columbus and Akron, Ohio, facilities. We have more to do, and we are committed to achieving our environmental objectives. As we look to the future, we are formulating an exploratory road map regarding a net-zero carbon future. A thoughtful and strategic approach to this effort will take several years, but we acknowledge the value and urgency of this effort and look forward to sharing more about our strategy. Within the social pillar of ESG, we are embracing our commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) and continuing to advance our initiatives on this front. This starts with the tone at the top from the Board of Directors, which itself reflects total diversity of 47% across race and gender. Through our DEI Strategy and Operating Plan, we are continuing to advance our efforts around topics such as workforce diversity, workforce inclusion, and supplier diversity. Finally, we were proud to announce our five-year, $40 billion Community Plan during 2021. This plan is designed to support improved financial opportunities for consumers, businesses, and communities, with a focus on affordable housing, small business lending, and increased capital to historically disadvantaged and low-to-moderate-income communities. We were humbled to be honored again by Newsweek as one of “America’s Most Responsible Companies” for the third consecutive year. Additionally, early in 2022, we were named by Forbes as one of America’s Best Employers. These recognitions provide affirmation of the direction of our ongoing ESG efforts, as well as the dedication of our colleagues, management, and Board to a sustainable future for Huntington. While we are pleased with our efforts throughout 2021, we know there is much more work ahead of us, and we embrace that challenge. 2021 Financial Performance We are pleased with our 2021 results which included reported net income of $1,295 million, a 59% increase from the prior year, and diluted EPS of $0.90, up 30% year-overyear. Reported results were negatively impacted by notable items, primarily due to the TCF acquisition, including expenses of $711 million. These notable items reduce the more significant underlying earnings power improvement of the bank. On a reported basis, pretax, pre-provision earnings for fullyear 2021 totaled $1,641 million1 , down from $2,041 million1 during full-year 2020. Excluding the notable items above, adjusted pretax, pre-provision earnings for full-year 2021 were $2,352 million.1 Total revenue increased to $6.0 billion, up 24% from the prior year, driven by both the TCF acquisition which closed mid-year, as well as continued execution of our underlying strategic initiatives. Period-end loans increased by $30.3 billion from the prior year, supported by both the TCF acquisition, as well as robust commercial loan production in the fourth quarter to close out the year. We saw accelerated loan growth in the fourth quarter, and we are seeing that momentum carry into the first part of 2022. Deposit balances ended the year at $143.3 billion, a record level for Huntington, driven both by TCF, as well as continued strong customer liquidity profiles. Deposits increased by $44.3 billion year-over-year. Our capital ratios remained strong, with our Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio ending 2021 at 9.33%, within our targeted operating range of 9% to 10%.1 Credit quality remained a hallmark of Huntington, with fullyear net charge-offs of 0.22% of average loans. We entered the pandemic very well positioned, and our performance over the past two years has demonstrated the strength of our balance sheet and disciplined approach to credit and risk management. While we are keeping a close eye on the continued economic recovery, the trends we are experiencing are encouraging, and we believe this strong credit outlook has the potential to continue throughout 2022. Capital Return We have maintained our consistent approach to capital allocation priorities: Funding organic growth, supporting the dividend, and other uses including share repurchases. For the full year 2021, we are pleased to have returned $1.5 billion of capital to shareholders through our common stock dividends and share repurchases during the year. This included an increase in the common stock dividend to $0.62 per common share (annualized). We will continue to be good stewards of the capital entrusted to Huntington and maintain our disciplined approach. Looking Ahead After closing out 2021 with momentum, we are entering 2022 with a bullish outlook, with a substantial growth opportunity in front of us. Huntington is well positioned to benefit from the continued economic recovery, and our local economies continue to perform extraordinarily well. Business sentiment continues to be positive, employment levels have strengthened, and supply chain constraints are expected to slowly ease over time. Added to that is the expected rise in interest rates, which would benefit Huntington with potentially higher revenues as a result. Our top focus for 2022 is centered on driving sustainable revenue growth, which is driven by the investments we made in the franchise, as well as our expanded products and markets added through the TCF transaction last year. Our colleagues delivered extraordinary performance in 2021. I believe the best days continue to lie ahead for Huntington. We have entered 2022 with the strength of the franchise clearly evident and with enhanced capabilities and talent bolstered across the organization. We believe our financial performance will only improve further throughout 2022, driven by sustainable revenue growth and a top-tier return on capital profile, the combination of which should result in value creation for shareholders. To our nearly 20,000 colleagues, thank you for an extraordinary year and for maintaining your focus on serving the needs of our customers. To our customers, we are privileged to be entrusted as a partner in your financial success and to have the opportunity to work together to strengthen the communities where we live and work. Finally, to our shareholders, thank you for your continued support of Huntington. 

Stephen D. Steinour 

Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
