To our shareholders, employees, customers, suppliers and communities: HII is proud to have recognized its 10th anniversary on March 31, 2021 as an independent, publicly traded company. It was a milepost for this company and one we should all be proud to celebrate. The moment also allowed us to take stock of our efforts to position HII for the upcoming decade and beyond. While our 44,000 strong workforce continues to deliver the most powerful and resilient maritime platforms ever built to our defense customers, HII also leads in advanced technologies that address emerging national security threats. We are now positioned as a top provider of unmanned maritime solutions and government cybersecurity and training simulators. One of the principal examples of our efforts to continuously evolve with the demands of our national defense customers is the acquisition of Alion Science & Technology. This segment is poised for continued strong growth with a new business qualified pipeline that is very robust at over $20 billion, and accelerating still. As we set ourselves up for future success, we must also address the challenges we are presented with today. HII’s employees continue to demonstrate an uncompromising commitment to safety, quality, cost and schedule, despite the challenges created by COVID-19 and its variants. We will continue to follow our contractual direction when it comes to vaccines in order to create the safest workplace environment possible. Despite a difficult operating environment in 2021, HII was still able to execute and deliver strong financial results. In 2021, HII produced $9.5 billion in revenues, a 1.7% increase over the prior year, and the company’s total backlog still remains at a historically high level of $48.5 billion, as of December 31, 2021. In 2021, HII delivered guided missile destroyer Frank E. Petersen Jr. (DDG 121) to our U.S. Navy customer. We also christened guided missile destroyer Lenah Sutcliffe Higbee (DDG 123), amphibious transport dock Fort Lauderdale (LPD 28) and Virginia-class attack submarine New Jersey (SSN 796). We celebrated the first cut of steel on Ford-class aircraft carrier Doris Miller (CVN 81), and we continue to make great progress on the first-in-class ballistic missile submarine Columbia (SSBN 826). While we proudly celebrate these milestones, we are excited about the contracts awarded in 2021 that grow HII’s historic backlog and position us for future success. Newport News Shipbuilding was awarded a $2.9 billion contract for the refueling and complex overhaul of the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis (CVN 74). Newport News was also awarded a contract modification for the 10th Virginia-class submarine in Block V, bringing the total contract value to $9.8 billion. Ingalls Shipbuilding received a $113.6 million award to enable long-lead-time material and advance procurement activities for amphibious assault ship LHA 9, bringing the total advance funding for the ship to $651 million. Ingalls was also awarded a $724 million contract for planning yard services in support of in-service amphibious ships. Technical Solutions received a contract to provide services for U.S. Africa Command and partner nations that has a total potential value of $346 million. The division was also awarded a five-year contract with a total value of $273 million to support the U.S. Navy’s carrier engineering maintenance assist team, surface engineering maintenance assist team for west coast surface ships, and other maintenance and material readiness programs. As we review our success in 2021 in generating value and growth for HII, we also look ahead with great anticipation and excitement to a new chapter for HII under Chris Kastner’s leadership as president and CEO. Thank you for your interest and investment in HII and for supporting our commitments to our employees, communities, suppliers, shareholders and customers. 

Mike Petters 

President and CEO
