Dear fellow stockholder, It’s my sincere pleasure and distinct honor to write my first annual letter to shareholders as Insight’s President and CEO. As I do, I acknowledge we are facing a level of geopolitical uncertainty most of us have not experienced in our lifetime. Our economic environment is more unsettled now than it has been in the last 40 years. Our supply chains are snarled, and we all face daunting labor challenges. And yet, I am heartened to witness the resilience and courage of the Ukrainian citizens and the generosity of people all over the world as they welcome refugees, support these families through charitable donations, Airbnb bookings and a multitude of other creative contributions. They are inspiring us all. I believe we are taking the right steps to quell inflation in a gradual way that allows global economies to continue to grow. And the investments our partners have made in capacity over the past few years will allow us to streamline our supply chains and improve lead times this year. The labor shortages and inflationary environment are increasing our clients’ focus on digital transformation. In fact, Gartner estimates that the world will spend $11 trillion over the next four years on IT services and solutions. Clients are more focused than ever on ensuring their infrastructures are modern and secure. Employees demand greater flexibility and to attract and retain talent, clients require modern productivity tools and applications. Clients need help sorting through the complexity and the technology options, and Insight aims to be the indispensable partner they can’t live without. I’m humbled to lead our dedicated teammates, and I’m grateful for their commitment to our clients, collaboration with our partners, and perseverance and focus on delivering strong results. 2021 was a challenging year in many ways, and our teammates rose to the occasion. I could not be prouder. Together, we’re building on our strong foundation and accelerating our strategic transformation to becoming a leading solutions integrator — a transformation that has been in the making for the past five-plus years. Insight is uniquely positioned to help clients sort through the complexities they’re facing. With a laser focus on our clients’ priorities, this year, we’re pursuing these four business objectives: • Earn client loyalty. Our business is a people business, and we earn loyalty by delivering exceptional client results. • Lead with services and solutions. We deliver differentiated client outcomes by leveraging our full solutions portfolio, spanning our six areas of technical expertise, solutions skills and partner relationships. • Drive profitable growth. We drive efficiency through operational excellence and integrated global systems. • Champion people, leadership and culture. We invest in opportunities for our teammates to grow and develop and we live our values of hunger, heart and harmony. Despite the uncertainties of the past year, our teammates remained committed to solving our clients’ biggest technology and solutions challenges. Here are a few highlights from 2021: • We expanded our sales and technical talent. These teammates drive business outcomes and deliver a great client experience. • We began our multi-year program to modernize our e-commerce experience. • Our global team completed the onboarding of our EMEA business onto Insight’s core IT systems, tools and processes. • Our focus on culture, teammate well-being, diversity and inclusion, and leadership development were recognized broadly – We ranked among Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies for 2021 and achieved several Great Place to work accolades. – Insight ranked No.95 on Forbes 2021 World’s Best Employer list, improving to No.12 in IT; No.140 in America’s Best for Diversity and No.62 for Best Employers for Veterans. – We achieved a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2022 Corporate Equality Index.. – Insight moved up to No.360 in the Fortune 500 list, jumping 49 spots. – We received multiple recognitions from our partners around the globe. • We remain committed to the principles of protecting human rights, fair labor practices, sustainability and anti-corruption. Financially, we delivered a strong year, setting company records for net sales, gross profit, adjusted earnings from operations and adjusted diluted earnings per share. Net sales in 2021 grew 13% to $9.4 billion. We led with services, which also grew 13%. We delivered gross profit growth of 11%. Our gross margin for the full year was 15.3%, down slightly from 15.6%, due to dramatic hardware growth. Adjusted earnings from operations increased to $362 million, up 12% compared to the prior year. Finally, our operations generated $164 million of cash in 2021. While we navigate these uncertain times together, we know technology can solve some of the world’s most vexing problems. We remain confident that Insight is extraordinarily well-positioned to support our clients in those efforts as we become the trusted partner they can’t live without.

Joyce Mullen 

President and CEO
