Dear Fellow Shareholder, After 18 years with IPG, having gotten to know and work closely with so many of our exceptional people, clients, and partners, it’s an honor to be tapped by our Board of Directors to step into the role of Chief Executive Officer. My tenure undeniably begins at a time of stress and upheaval for individuals, organizations and the broader global community. The pandemic has not only taken a huge human toll, it has also cast a harsh light on underlying fault lines in our society. This requires us to all come together and make good on our core values of promoting fairness and equity. Since the start of the health crisis, we have also seen the impact that ideas, delivered with clarity, integrity and precision, can have in helping solve complex business problems and address societal challenges. During the course of 2020, a primary objective for our management team was to safeguard the physical and mental well-being of our people. This, in turn, allowed us to deliver effective work and strong results for our clients. Despite managing a range of personal challenges imposed by the public health crisis, our colleagues were able to accomplish great things last year, which is truly remarkable. Another dramatic consequence of COVID-19 was to accelerate a number of changes driven by technology. For some time now, we had been anticipating these trends, which therefore dovetail with areas where we have been making long-term strategic investments. These include embedding digital capabilities throughout our organization and building a foundational layer of tech and data infrastructure to inform all of our work, as well as making ethics and transparency fundamental to the way in which we operate across all communications channels and platforms. As such, even while we continue to navigate a difficult operating environment brought about by macroeconomic uncertainty, we have positioned the company for future success. 2020 Performance As expected, our results for the year reflected the effects of the pandemic, which weighed on organic revenue. Under these challenging conditions, however, we reported full-year operating performance as well as total shareholder return that once again placed us at the top of our sector. We continued to be disciplined with respect to expenses and strategic in our approach to structural costs, while simultaneously investing in our business during the year to accelerate areas of strongest opportunity and growth. That investment continues to result in differentiated capabilities and offerings, which remain in demand in the marketplace. These include a range of data-driven offerings, notably our specialist healthcare and media services capabilities, as well as other assets across the portfolio that solve for a world in which messaging is increasingly addressable, and marketers require partners who can help solve business problems and deliver value by driving performance, and increasing effectiveness as well as efficiency. Looking Ahead As difficult as 2020 was, it did bring key priorities into perspective. First, we need to look for ways to more fully live into our values around equity, a strategic priority Michael Roth defined for us some time ago. We continue to believe that a culture that celebrates differences is one that wins. As such, we must do more to promote broad-based equity across our company, across all dimensions of diversity. This includes driving accountability deeper into our organization, and further leading our industry when it comes to transparency regarding workforce data. Measurement is a must in order to demonstrate that our actions are leading to results, just as intentionally engaging with our diversity efforts cannot be optional for anyone within the IPG portfolio. Second, we need to focus on ways to be ever more responsive to our clients, who are increasingly looking for holistic thinking and solutions. As the complexity of media and marketing continues to increase, it’s clear that no one person or organization has all of the expertise required to solve for the breadth of today’s business problems. That means we need to continue fostering a culture that values and rewards curiosity, creativity and collaboration. And third, we need to stay focused on unlocking the enormous opportunities that exist due to the change and disruption that have become a constant in our world. Our ultimate goal is to help ensure that clients’ businesses and brands can thrive in the digital economy. That’s why we seek to combine the power of creativity with the benefits of technology, fueling our offerings with a deep understanding of audiences at the individual level, driven by ethical data practices. There is much to look forward to for our company as the world enters the new post-COVID reality. On behalf of our senior team, we thank you for your continued support and commitment as we embark on that journey.

Philippe Krakowsky 

Chief Executive Officer
