DEAR EMPLOYEES, PARTNERS AND SHAREHOLDERS:

In reflecting on the astonishing challenges the world faced during our fiscal year 2020, I’m inspired and humbled by the effort and fortitude put forth by so many, both within and beyond Jabil – What a year! By the time we completed our first fiscal quarter of 2020, we had what appeared to be the start of another solid year for Jabil, as evidenced by our record Q1 revenue of $7.5 billion. Then, out of nowhere, we abruptly learned firsthand of the novel coronavirus directly from our team in Wuhan, China. What followed would test and stress: (a) the fabric of our people; (b) the purpose in our approach; and (c) the resiliency of our commercial portfolio. And I couldn’t be prouder of the results.

THE FABRIC OF OUR PEOPLE We’re fundamentally in the “people business.” Our people are Jabil’s most important and valued differentiator, making us who we are today. We derive innovative solutions and advance our service offerings through non-parochial collaboration, where customers are top-of-mind day-in and day-out. When I think about the last eight months of FY20, they were anything but typical as the impact of COVID-19 adversely engulfed all of us, directly and indirectly. I want to THANK all of our Jabil employees – employees who number more than 260,000 strong and reside in 30+ countries. They exhibited the very qualities which set Jabil apart – tenacity, perspective, empathy and stamina. Through it all, our teams optimized product output for customers, while providing critical support to “essential businesses” fighting the pandemic in the face of real risk and tremendous adversity. In parallel, our employees established first-rate COVID-19 processes and protocols and openly shared these COVID-related safety measures with customers, suppliers and competitors on an ongoing basis. For all on this, I again say – Thank you. THE PURPOSE IN OUR APPROACH Additionally, much of the past year was unquestionably characterized by global tensions, divisiveness and on-going social injustice. At Jabil we were neither immune nor tone deaf to the sweeping sentiments. Much to the contrary, as our culture and value-set were founded on one simple premise: a deep and unrelenting RESPECT for every individual. This is a core premise which has endured and remains a priority for Jabil today.

Diversity & Inclusion At Jabil, we work to ensure every employee is heard, as this is our stepping-stone to guarantee our collective voices make a positive difference. Operating in roughly 100 sites around the world, our broad-based team is comprised of varying ethnicities, nationalities, genders, sexual orientations and life experiences. In a word, we embody and embrace “diversity.” Never satisfied and always striving to improve, we reflected on our shortcomings this past year and recognized the need to fortify our approach to diversity and inclusion. For that reason, we formed an internal Council for Diversity and Inclusion. This Council advocates and stewards our exploration in the tough act of introspection, while actively engaging employees across the Jabil enterprise. The talented individuals who make up our Council, will serve the first of what will be two-year rotational appointments. The measurable goals are – expanding tolerance, reducing unconscious biases, and widening our aperture of inclusion for all. Consistent with this focus, we’re also very excited about our work with Special Olympics USA. This relationship is not simply a donation, but a comprehensive engagement of our employees around the world with these amazing athletes and their coaches. Our culture is about caring and cementing our ethos of “One Jabil family.” As CEO, I encourage every individual to be their true self and to do so without fear or anxiety, but with complete assurance of dignity and respect. We warmly welcome the differences that make us all unique. Sustainability At Jabil, we aim to “always do what’s right” in helping to preserve the planet – not just today, but for future generations to come. We see this as our responsibility as sound corporate citizens. In FY20, we launched our first Climate Action Plan, committing to expand clean energy production and reduce our greenhouse gases emissions by 25 percent over the coming 5-6 years. To achieve this bold target, we’ll utilize renewable energy sources throughout our operations, leveraging both technology and the tailored expertise of our customers who excel in this space. As you may know, the next 10 years have been declared by the UNITED NATIONS as “the decade to deliver” on sustainability. We, at Jabil, contribute to many of these well-defined goals, while also proudly serving as a founding member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) since 2004. In doing so, we effort to lead our industry to the highest standards in our behaviors around: Labor, Water, Supply Chain and the use of Rare Minerals. Some customers value this, others merely appreciate it. Lastly on this topic, but certainly not least, we now track the volunteer hours put forth by our generous employees. These efforts are gratuitous and selfless. We value their time and contributions in making better the communities and environments where they so proudly work and live their lives. THE RESILIENCY OF OUR COMMERCIAL PORTFOLIO When thinking of the current construct of our business, I’m certain that the whole is more valuable than an elementary sum of the parts. Jabil’s intentional balance of businesses across a wide range of end-markets, the likes of: Healthcare / Consumer Packaging, Mobility / Connected Devices, Automotive / Transportation, Industrial / Energy / Semi-Cap Equipment, 5G / Wireless / Cloud Computing, Digital Print / Retail, Defense / Aerospace and Networking / Storage allowed us to successfully withstand the headwinds we faced during the year. We report our business results under two operating segments: Diversified Manufacturing Services (DMS) and Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS). Across both segments we help our customers “win” by offering comprehensive product solutions that meet their needs and enhance their respective customer experiences. Around the manufacturing and delivery of these products, we wrap a growing number of services, leading with custom engineering and digital supply chain analytics. DMS – Approximately half of our DMS segment is comprised of businesses that operate in regulatedmarkets, such as Healthcare, Automotive and Transportation, Defense and Aerospace. These markets often require complex compliance, validation and regulatory processes and controls, resulting in longer term and more stable product life cycles. The other half of our DMS segment is comprised of businesses in the Mobility, Connected Devices and Consumer Packaging end-markets. Our teams serve these businesses with their excellence in advanced material sciences, aesthetically complex molding, precision machining and custom automation. Our DMS segment delivered FY20 revenues of $10.7 billion, reflecting an 8 percent increase over fiscal 2019. We’re excited about the balanced portfolio within our DMS segment, with intention placed on expanding operating margins while offering reliable cash flows. EMS – Jabil’s EMS segment represents our largest and most assorted collection of businesses, serving a wonderful blend of end-markets that include 5G and Cloud Computing, Energy, Industrial and Semi-cap Equipment, Digital Print and Retail, and Networking and Storage.

Our teams serve these businesses with their excellence in flexible lower-volume manufacturing standards, complex electronics content and the use of advanced data analytics in managing sophisticated global Supply Chains. The result was $16.6 billion in EMS segment revenues for FY20, reflecting an 8 percent increase over fiscal 2019. We’re pleased with the expansive portfolio within our EMS segment, with intention placed on expanding cash flows while offering stable operating margins. Delivering Value In FY20, despite the worldwide pandemic, our total company net revenue grew by 8 percent to $27.3 billion, exceeding our original projections for the year. Core operating income and core diluted earnings per share were $864 million and $2.90, respectively. At the same time, we generated $461 million in adjusted free cash flow and returned $265 million to shareholders via share repurchases and dividends. As a management team, we remain focused on delivering long-term value for our shareholders and are committed to expanding margins and generating strong free cash flows. We’ll do so while obsessing over our care for customers, as we continue to lead with engineering and technology. Aiding our well diversified commercial portfolio, we continued to invest heavily in our Factory of the Future (FoF) initiatives, utilizing AI and capturing real-time information to create more predictable outcomes across our network of connected factories. Our investments and leadership in 3D Printing / Additive Manufacturing continued to provide significant differentiation. We pushed forward and expanded our Gartner award-winning InControl supply chain suite of software and services, as more resilient supply chains proved to be a game-changer throughout the year. Lastly, we further optimized both factory floor and back office applications with the thoughtful use of digitization across our operating systems. In closing, I know Jabil is making the world just a little bit better, a little bit healthier and a little bit safer each day. This past year our team rose to the occasion, keeping things that mattered, front-and-center. As an organization, we’re relentless in our pursuit to become the most technologically advanced and trusted manufacturing solutions provider in the world. As CEO, I’m honored to serve you. Thank you for your continued confidence and support. Please stay safe. 



Humbly Yours,

Mark T. Mondello 

Chief Executive Officer
