Any reflection on 2020 is obviously dominated by the changes brought to our lives by the Covid-19 pandemic. From a JLL perspective, we can be very proud of how our 91,000 people around the world responded to the extraordinary challenges of the pandemic, and proud also of the strength and bonds of trust within our client relationships. Equally important is the role we played together with our clients in rapidly adapting to changed circumstances, maintaining essential operations and supporting the wider community. In addition to delivering impressive annual results for 2020, we also completed a major two-year transformation program, significantly progressed our commitments toward sustainability, accelerated our journey to becoming the industry leader in technology and data, and further intensified our focus on promoting diversity and inclusion in all areas of our business. We have laid the foundations to support strong and sustained profitable growth over the next decade, guided by our purpose of shaping the future of real estate for a better world.

2020 performance highlights JLL closed the year with resilient financial performance and record operating cash flow, despite the considerable impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on businesses and economies across the globe through much of 2020. Consolidated revenue declined 8% year-on-year to $16.6 billion, while fee revenue was down 14% at $6.1 billion. Adjusted EBITDA for the year was $860 million, 24% lower than in 2019. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were down 34% year-on-year at $9.46. Cash generated by operating activities was $1.1 billion in 2020, compared with $484 million in 2019, predominantly the result of solid operating results and strong cash collection on receivables, while also helped by government-sponsored relief programs, and lower cash payments for taxes. Overall, as pandemic-related lockdowns slowed global economic activity, the impact on commercial real estate fell most heavily on transactional business. For JLL, lower Capital Markets and Leasing fee revenue reflected a sharp year-onyear drop in total market volumes. However, the fourth quarter saw the beginnings of a recovery in Capital Markets, with JLL’s activity boosted by our diverse and comprehensive offering across products and asset classes, and by the ongoing success of the 2019 acquisition of HFF. The significant growth of our Corporate Solutions, Property & Facility Management and Project & Development Services businesses over the last decade countered the declines in transactional revenues in 2020. The value of trusted client relationships, and the substantial capacity of JLL’s global platform to quickly adapt services and advice to the rapidly changing needs of our clients across all industry types, underpinned solid and dependable revenues and pipelines. Turning to our LaSalle Investment Management business, the anticipated decline from near-record 2019 incentive fees was the primary driver of lower year-on-year fee revenue. However, LaSalle effectively countered this with solid advisory fees and continued strong private equity capital raising. Transformation landmark During 2020, we achieved an important landmark in our Beyond long-term strategic growth plan, completing a major two-year transformation program. In early 2019, we began by globally aligning all our corporate functions. Later that year, Corporate Solutions and Valuation Advisory moved to global business line structures, and we established JLL Technologies to bring together all our internal and external technology and data capabilities. At the start of 2020, Capital Markets moved to a global business line structure, including the newly integrated HFF business. In November, we announced the final key step on this transformation journey with all other local and regional services moving into global alignment within our new Markets business, effective January 1, 2021. This fully-aligned structure will drive new growth while ensuring our clients receive seamless service around the world, enhancing the connectivity between countries and regions, facilitating knowledge flows, and accelerating the deployment of new technology and other innovations. People Reflecting on a year like no other, this annual report is in part a celebration of the resilience and achievements of our people. We talk a lot about the importance of culture and our values of teamwork, ethics and excellence. The past year provides a unique illustration of why this is so important. We have seen compassion and commitment in abundant measures. We have also seen great agility in adapting advice and services, rethinking processes, and generating new products and solutions, always characterised by those hallmark JLL values of teamwork, ethics and excellence. Along with most other businesses, we implemented rapid temporary changes to the ways we work. I would like to place on record my thanks to all my colleagues who so quickly and efficiently adapted to working from home, and to all those who participated in furloughs and similar arrangements. I would also like to give special thanks to the thousands of our people around the world who continued working on client sites throughout the pandemic, many supporting medical and other essential facilities, as well as key links in supply and distribution chains. Looking ahead, even in this highly innovative digital age, the sustained success of our business will always remain primarily dependent on the culture, values and commitment of our people. JLL seeks to attract the very best talent in all areas of our work with the employee value proposition Achieve Your Ambitions. The successful completion of our transformation program, globally aligning all our core business lines and functions, further enhances the excellent career progression opportunities we provide. A central strategic priority is to significantly advance our progress toward creating a truly diverse and inclusive business at all levels. For the last several years, we have been moving the needle in the right direction but going forward we would like to accelerate that journey. In 2020, we further expanded our existing programs and commitments, including through hosting the first annual Black Excellence Summit for our Americas region in November, adding to numerous other gender and ethnic diversity-oriented events around the world throughout the year. In January 2021, Ingrid Jacobs (pictured) joined JLL in a new dedicated senior global role as Head of Diversity & Inclusion. In February 2021, JLL was named to the Bloomberg GenderEquality Index for the second successive year. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion, and all other aspects of our culture and values, stems from the most senior levels of the organisation. The tone is set at the top. After 15 years in the role, Sheila Penrose (pictured) decided to step down as Chairman of the JLL Board of Directors during 2020. Sheila’s role in guiding and shaping JLL’s values, culture and sustained success has been highly significant. We are delighted that she continues as a member of the Board. Unanimously elected as Sheila’s successor, Bobby Mehta (pictured) became JLL’s new Chairman of the Board of Directors on June 1, 2020, having originally joined the Board in 2019. Bobby has a wealth of experience from his former CEO roles at TransUnion and major divisions of HSBC, and service on several other boards. Like Sheila before him, Bobby brings superb business acumen, leadership and judgment to the role, and he is an excellent global ambassador for JLL. Places The onset of the pandemic has accelerated trends that were already changing the way we live and work, bringing with them considerable implications and opportunities for the real estate industry. Most obviously, the sudden shift of office populations to home working has raised debate around the future of the office and, more broadly, the future of cities. The changing dynamics of retail and residential property have also been accentuated by the pandemic, while sectors such as logistics and industrial, healthcare and other specialist asset types have risen to new prominence. Working in very close partnership with our clients, JLL is at the forefront in predicting, understanding and responding to these changes and opportunities. Through 2020 and into 2021, our Reimagine series of products and research has helped clients respond to the pandemic, re-enter their marketplaces, and plan for the next normal in a post-pandemic era. It is our strong belief, borne out by our client surveys and detailed research analysis, that the prospects for the world’s major cities and urban hubs are bright and exciting. As the pandemic recedes, the allure of the concentration of culture, creativity, learning, opportunity, innovation and convenience — and much more besides — will again draw populations into the world’s leading cities. The way we use offices, especially those in central business district locations, will continue to change. The hybrid model of part remote, part office-based working looks set to hold sway. However, offices will remain at the beating heart of leading organisations — the gathering places for shared working, learning, creative hubs, social events, client and customer meetings — and symbolic of the culture and identity of each employer. In fact, the central role of offices may become even more important as people settle into a hybrid working model. This is not the end of the office, although it may be the end of tightly packed rows of lookalike desks. It is instead the beginning of a very exciting new chapter in how we use space, and the role real estate plays in inspiring people and supporting productivity. The Future of Work will be fascinating and JLL will ensure our clients have access to the very best ideas and solutions. Planet The built environment is responsible for nearly 40% of total global carbon emissions and therefore has an important and urgent role to play in the race to net zero. Fast execution is key, so that we all can make use of the positive momentum in reducing the carbon footprint that we have seen during the pandemic. Clearly, the most successful leading companies in each industry should go first and set an example. JLL has worked with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) to set a target to reduce carbon emissions from our own operations (scopes 1 and 2) by 68% by 2034. This goal aligns with the Paris Agreement’s ambition to limit global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. While ensuring our own policies and targets exemplify best practice, we recognise the biggest difference we can make is by helping our clients set and achieve their own ambitious sustainability goals for their real estate investments and operations. To underpin that responsibility, we have also committed to reduce scope 3 emissions (from properties we manage for our clients) by 53% per square foot over the same timeframe. More detail on all our sustainability targets and progress can be found in our Global Sustainability Report. Cooperation and collaboration to tackle climate change are essential. JLL is an active member of the World Green Building Council’s Corporate Advisory Board, the World Economic Forum’s Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders, and a founding partner of Bloomberg Green, the dedicated global media platform focused on sustainability. In February 2021, JLL was named to Ethisphere’s list of the World’s Most Ethical Companies for the 14th successive year. Building on many years of growing and expanding our services and expertise in countries and business lines around the world, in January 2021 we appointed Guy Grainger – previously our EMEA CEO – as our first Global Head of Sustainability Services & ESG, a senior role tasked with aligning and driving exponential growth in all aspects of this vital work. Our Global Executive Board has identified this as a core strategic priority, reflecting our guiding purpose of shaping the future of real estate for a better world. Outlook The past 12 months have proved that prospects can change unexpectedly and dramatically. However, writing in March 2021, it appears that an end to the worst ravages and disruptions of this terrible pandemic may be in sight. Many countries are making progress with vaccination programs and beginning to plan for reopening their economies and societies. It is to be hoped that global collaborative efforts will ensure vaccinations reach all parts of the world over the coming months. We expect business and economic activity to recover strongly through the second half of 2021, with momentum building through subsequent years. The real estate sector will continue to benefit from five longterm secular trends that had already been driving growth and investment for several years prior to the onset of the pandemic: rising capital flows into real estate, increasing corporate outsourcing of real estate services, growth in urbanisation, the rise of new technology and data analytics, and growing demand for sustainability products and services. These trends and our Beyond strategic vision are discussed in more detail in the 10-K section of this annual report. Working closely with all our stakeholders, our team of 91,000 people delivered a remarkable and impressive performance in 2020 in challenging circumstances. Post-pandemic, the outlook for JLL is particularly bright. Our company is very well positioned for strong and sustained long-term growth. Thank you for your continued interest in JLL.

Christian Ulbrich 

President and Chief Executive Officer
