To our fellow shareholders: I am pleased to share that 2021 marked an exceptional year for Key and all of our stakeholders. We served our clients and communities, supported our teammates, and delivered record financial results. Our stock performance reflected our strong results. In 2021, our stock price increased 41%, outperforming the peer median and the overall market – a testament to our differentiated business model and strategy. I am very proud of our team’s collective effort and remarkable dedication. Key delivered record financial results in 2021, growing both our consumer and commercial businesses. We achieved positive operating leverage for the eighth time in the last nine years, by growing our revenue at a faster pace than our expenses. Our total revenue increased 9% year-over-year, reaching an all-time high. We grew net interest income and achieved record fee income, which increased 20% from the prior year. Our consumer bank delivered record results and our strongest performance in over a decade. This achievement was driven by transformational change in culture, products, and capabilities. We delivered record net new household growth in 2021, and we also continued to deepen relationships with existing clients across our footprint. We are adding new consumer households at a record pace, building on the historical strength of our scaled Midwest and Eastern markets and capitalizing on the significant growth in our Western markets. In fact, we continue to outpace the industry and take share in these attractive, fastgrowing markets. Our Western franchise grew at three times the rate of our total footprint last year. Importantly, we also continue to grow relationships with younger clients, with 25% of our new households under the age of 30 – our fastest growing client segment. This is a testament to the strength of our value proposition and our combined digital and physical offering which will pay dividends as our younger clients’ financial needs become more complex over time. We have two strong growth engines in our consumer business – Laurel Road and home lending. Last year, these two businesses combined generated a record $16 billion in loan originations. Importantly, both businesses bring highquality, relationship clients to Key. Our unique, integrated commercial and investment bank continues to thrive. We have a comprehensive platform with a full set of products and capabilities for middle-market clients focused on seven targeted industry verticals. Key has also added and expanded focus to several highgrowth sectors including healthcare, affordable housing, renewable energy, and technology. We are the #2 renewable energy lender in North America, and the #3 affordable housing lender in the United States, where the existing housing stock only covers one-third of this pressing need. These are important and growing segments of our economy and areas where Key has a leading market position. As a relationship bank, we are focused on providing our clients with the most advantageous execution available in the market. In 2021, we raised a record level of capital for our commercial clients – over $108 billion. Over the long term, our commercial businesses have been a sustainable growth engine for Key. Over the past decade, we have grown investment banking fees by 15% annually and commercial and industrial loans by 11% annually. Importantly, our investment banking business is a true relationship business. In 2021, 80% of our investment banking revenue came from relationship clients. We are confident that we will continue to grow our integrated and unique commercial and investment bank. By leveraging the breadth of our platform, our dedicated teammates, and deep industry expertise, we will continue to deliver industry specific solutions and advice to every client we serve. Foundational to our performance is a relentless focus on maintaining strong risk discipline. Subsequent to the global financial crisis, we have significantly de-risked our business. We believe that the quality of our business, combined with our strong risk management practices, position us to perform well, through various economic environments. We also have remained disciplined in the way we manage and deploy our capital. We continue to execute against our capital priorities: supporting organic growth, dividends, and share repurchases. We remain committed to using capital to support the growth of our businesses by investing in our teammates, digital, and analytics. In 2021, we increased our quarterly common share dividend 5% and repurchased $1.2 billion in common shares. We have an outstanding team and a distinctive, relationshipbased business model, driven by our targeted scale strategy. Simply put, we are focused on specific client segments, industries, and high-growth niches, where we can deliver value, and in so doing, generate strong returns. In March 2022, we hosted an Investor Day, where we reviewed our targeted scale strategy and shared proof points of the momentum generated by our relationship-based business model. We also highlighted the quality and depth of our management team. Importantly, we demonstrated how we are well positioned for growth in order to deliver value for all our stakeholders. Our success is dependent upon our hard-working, dedicated, and talented team. We continue to focus on recruiting, training, and retention of our 17,000 teammates. In 2021, we invested over $13 million in their growth and development through formal learning opportunities, career development resources, and our tuition reimbursement program. Our teammates participated in over 582,000 hours of formal learning throughout the year. Much of this time was spent preparing our teammates for the future of work, including a focus on technology, leadership, and new, agile ways of working. Additionally, we have hired many talented, new teammates in client-facing roles. In our commercial bank, we have increased our number of senior bankers by 10%, enabling us to deliver our differentiated platform to more clients, more often. We have also invested in teammates in critical areas of focus such as digital, payments, and analytics. We are digitizing the enterprise, from front to back-office, across our consumer and commercial businesses. We are replacing clunky handoffs with streamlined software, delivering a better experience for both our clients and teammates. Although we have more to do, we are seeing tangible results. Nearly 85% of our clients who consider Key to be their primary bank, are digitally active. We have a proven track record of identifying, acquiring, and integrating entrepreneurial businesses. In 2021, we acquired AQN Strategies, a leading consumer-focused analytics firm, and XUP Payments, a B2B-focused, digital payments platform. These acquisitions will accelerate Key’s growth by helping us execute with focus, agility, and speed. Importantly, we have retained 90% of the teammates from acquired businesses. As we think about the remainder of 2022, we have strong momentum across our franchise. We remain confident in our ability to grow and deliver on our financial commitments. RENEWABLE ENERGY While many financial institutions are just now entering the renewable energy business, Key has helped clients transition to renewable energy for over 15 years. Since entering the business in 2007, we have raised over $50 billion in capital for our clients to finance wind and solar projects. Key has a leading market position and deep industry expertise in the sector. In 2021, Key was ranked #2 in North America among all banks in Renewable Energy Finance. The renewable energy sector is poised for continued, strong growth. DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION We are proud of our award-winning culture that champions diversity, equity, and inclusion – inside and outside our company. Our strategy in this regard is focused on three pillars: a diverse workforce; an inclusive workplace; and equity, fairness, and access in our marketplaces for clients, suppliers, and communities. In 2021, Key committed to increasing People of Color (POC) representation in our senior leadership ranks by 25% over the next 5 years and 50% over the next 10 years. I am pleased to report that as of year-end 2021, we are ahead of pace to achieve our goal. We also launched new training and programs focused on inclusion and allyship. We continue to develop and improve workplace programs that cultivate career paths, leadership skills, and mentoring as well as drive spend with diverse suppliers. While our journey continues, earning our 12th “Top 50” recognition from DiversityInc – and the 23rd spot in their global ranking – is a confirmation of all we have accomplished together. As the landscape continues to evolve, we are committed to remaining a leader in driving positive outcomes in every community we serve. IN CLOSING Throughout 2021, we served our clients and communities, supported our teammates, and delivered record financial results. We grew our businesses by focusing on our stakeholders. Our differentiated business model, targeted scale strategy, and unique growth engines across our consumer and commercial businesses position us well for 2022 and beyond. Our collective focus is centered around sound, profitable growth – and I believe that our focus propels our growth. Foundational to our success is a diverse, talented, and highly engaged team who keeps the client at the center of all that we do – a calling that we answer every day. Together, we delivered record results while remaining committed to our values – teamwork, respect, accountability, integrity, and leadership. We have a dedicated, diverse, and experienced Board of Directors who have guided our performance and our path forward. We would like to thank Bruce Broussard, who served as a Director through September 2021, for his contributions and service. In December 2021, we welcomed to our Board, Richard Tobin, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dover Corporation. We look forward to his contributions. I am very proud of our team and all that we accomplished in 2021. We have positioned the company to succeed, and I remain confident in our ability to grow and to deliver on our commitments – to you and to every stakeholder we serve.

Chris Gorman
