This past year was a year like no other. 2020 will forever be etched in our hearts and minds as the year when COVID-19 became the defining global health crisis of our time. We witnessed both grave human tragedy and inspiring human resilience. It challenged us. It tested us. It changed all of us. As we have reflected in this past year, we think about the KKR collective and how we got through the last year together and how the work we do really encompasses so much more than the 1,600 men and women at KKR. The ?we?? and the related results ? is comprised of the work of thousands of individuals, including the management teams and over 800,000 employees running the companies in our private market business, the 1,200 companies (and their management and employees) we lend to in our public markets business, all of our advisors that help us analyze everything we do, and, of course, our Limited Partners who put their trust in us. Last year brought with it the most volatile market environment in our history, but we believe that we were well positioned to weather the challenges we and our companies faced together. Looking back, we had learned many lessons from the Global Financial Crisis (GFC) that helped us be ready for periods of severe dislocation, like the one to come in 2020. THEN AND NOW At the time of the GFC, KKR was a smaller, more narrowly focused firm. We had a private equity business alongside a young, U.S.-centric credit business. Our capital markets business was nascent and our balance sheet was smaller, limiting our ability to support companies in need and invest in opportunities we found attractive. Since then, we adapted, we evolved our businesses and we enhanced our capabilities. We meaningfully expanded and diversified our business ? from two investing businesses to 25, 10 offices to 21and $45 billion of AUM to $252 billion or $349 billion in assets, including those that we added with the Global Atlantic relationship. We?ve gone from a few hundred million of balance sheet assets to $28 billion, and have dramatically increased our capital markets capabilities. All of this has made us a stronger and more dynamic firm today. One that we believe was well prepared to face 2020 head on. And so we did. Over the past year, we challenged our investment teams ? on the shoulders of the rest of the KKR corpus ? to find places to lean in, offensively and defensively. The result: we deployed a record $48 billion of capital across carry funds and traded credit. We cross-pollinated across many strategies to capture excess return and contribute alpha through public market dislocation. We dove in head-first when others stood on the sidelines, and we capitalized on opportunities to invest in strong balance sheets at compelling discounts. We managed our mark-to-market liquidity and exposure across the globe, while, most importantly, taking every possible step to protect the people in our companies, whether by investing more capital or by creating an employee support program. We salute our companies and their teams for weathering a really challenging time. Many companies had to hit pause on growth plans and some had to enact measures that impacted employees. Today, we are pleased to note that the majority of our companies and management teams that implemented necessary furloughs during COVID have now reversed them. Our companies and their employees include many frontline workers who were essential to keeping the world running. Those individuals are true examples of perseverance and resilience. In terms of where we invested new capital, our deployment activity was heightened across the globe. We invested a record $19 billion in Private Markets, up 36% from 2019. Our traditional Private Equity funds deployed $10 billion of capital, split evenly across Americas, Europe and Asia. Our younger Private Markets strategies, Infrastructure, Growth, Core and Real Estate similarly saw increased investment activity, up 44% from 2019, as these platforms continued to scale. In the Public Markets business, we also found success. We saw record deployment, driven by activity in our Direct Lending, Private Credit and Dislocation funds. As markets rebounded quite strongly over the second half of 2020, we still found interesting pockets of investment. We generated strong investment returns on behalf of our fund investors and clients across many strategies, while KKR?s book value per share also increased 20%. FUNDRAISING MOMENTUM Despite being somewhat grounded from travel, this past year still saw very strong fundraising ? thanks in no small part to KKR?s relationship-based culture and the Limited Partners we are proud to call family. In 2020, we raised a record $44 billion to put to work for our Limited Partners in the coming months and years. Notably, we raised $17 billion for our Asia strategies in 2020, representing almost 40% of new capital raised. In the fourth quarter, Asia Real Estate and Asia Infrastructure both held their final closes, wrapping up two very successful first-time fundraises. Adding to our success in Asia, we were able to grow our Core platform this year, with capital raised in Core PE and Core Infrastructure. We were also able to continue scaling our Real Estate platform, with capital raised in our Asia and Americas opportunistic strategies as well as Core+ Real Estate. In the earlier days of the pandemic, we also raised $4 billion ? in a short eight week time period ? to specifically invest in significant market dislocation in the non-investment grade credit markets. We didn?t set out to create a basic distressed fund, but rather a flexible pool of capital that enabled us to utilize our integrated global platform and network to access a unique pipeline of opportunities. We invested $1.4 billion of capital by year-end and we remain pleased with the many high-quality companies we were able to invest in. Following the strong market rebound in the second half of 2020, this strategy saw an unannualized IRR in excess of 50% at December 31, 2020. This was one example in a year where we raised approximately $16 billion in credit overall and, as of the close of the Global Atlantic transaction, grew our total assets under management in credit to approximately $164 billion. Looking ahead, we see this momentum continuing with four flagship strategies already in market or expected to come to market in the next two years, alongside over 20 additional strategies. GLOBAL ATLANTIC: A NEW CHAPTER Last year was also transformational for us as a firm with the addition of a new important strategic partner, Global Atlantic (?GA?) ? a partner we know will have a profound and positive impact on KKRover the long term. GA is a scaled player in the retirement and life insurance markets with a focus on the fastest growing products and distribution channels. The GA transaction, which closed on February 1, 2021, is highly strategic. With this long-term partnership, we have meaningfully expanded our base of perpetual capital, further diversified and scaled our business, improved the visibility of our earnings and significantly grown our position within the insurance industry. We see a number of growth opportunities working with our new partners at GA. As their investment manager, we are acutely focused on bringing our asset management and origination expertise to bear on behalf of Global Atlantic and its policyholders. COVID-19 & KKR?S CITIZENSHIP While we are proud of the new partnership with GA, as well as our performance on behalf of our companies and investors this past year, one of the things we are most proud of has been our focus on helping those outside of KKR. We try never to lose sight of how fortunate we are to have what we have and to work where we work. With that in mind, we launched the KKR COVID Relief Effort, a $50 million commitment, to support the people and places most impacted by the pandemic and resulting economic dislocation. In addition to providing support to our portfolio company employees in need, we focused on two key initiatives through our relief effort: KKR Grants and KKR Small Business Builders. To date, KKR Grants has committed more than $12 million that has directly impacted the lives of 2.6 million people and KKR Small Business Builders has issued $1 million in grants to diverse small business owners. It has been a privilege to see how our colleagues have stepped up, individually, and come together as an organization to support our communities in these most challenging times. This is truly one of our greatest achievements of the year. DIVERSITY, EQUALITY AND INCLUSION Another critical priority has been our pursuit of racial equality, reaffirming KKR?s commitment to diversity and inclusion within our organization. We have kept ? and continue to keep ? our hearts and minds open while learning from each other and friends of the firm on tough topics like racism and discrimination. As such, we started an internal conversation series to take on important issues in a way that we have never done in 44 years. Outside of KKR but within our ?family,? we also recognized that we could make an equally positive impact at our portfolio companies, in particular on the Boards of Directors and on how our companies think about D&I. On the first point, we set a goal of having at least two directors with diverse backgrounds on the board of every company we control. We have now met this goal on every Board of Directors for the companies we control in our Americas PE business. In aggregate, 30% of the directors serving on those companies are diverse and we have added over 100 diverse Directors to our Boards since 2018. We have been examining every single aspect of our business and evaluating how we can be doing more. This has included focusing on inclusivity when it comes to our public equity offerings and debt underwritings. Starting with the $1 billion Mandatory Convertible Preferred offering we did in August, our capital markets team activities now regularly have significant participation from high caliber minority-owned, female-owned, or veterans-owned brokerage firms, a practice we remain firmly committed to going forward. While this journey is far from over, we are well ahead of where we were a year ago. As we reflect on the year, one thing is certain: 2020 demonstrated the resilience of our business model, culture, and people, and the KKR collective is strong. This is the foundation that makes KKR a special place. We virtually came together as a firm and demonstrated the impact of connecting dots ? with each other, across platforms, geographies, capital structures, investing themes, and opportunity sets. We supported each other, we showed up for each other, and we worked hard to deliver all of KKR to our companies and our clients. We adhered to our culture and values and that commitment to integrity and accountability and teamwork held us together in an extraordinary time. Looking ahead, we will bring those same values to keep unlocking our potential and raising the bar on ourselves ? for you, our companies, and our Limited Partners in the year ahead. As always, thank you for your partnership. 

Stay safe and healthy.

Henry R. Kravis 

Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer

George R. Roberts 

Co-Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer
