TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

The challenges that all of us—individuals, businesses, governments and communities alike—faced during 2020 were truly without precedent. The coronavirus altered our lives with astonishing speed, and what began as a promising year quickly and dramatically morphed into a global health and economic crisis. In addition to the severe toll on human lives and livelihoods, COVID-19 dramatically altered our everyday existence and brought about changes in society and business that are likely to be long-lasting.

et, the pandemic also revealed the selflessness of our fellow citizens and the strength and resiliency of our institutions. It is important to acknowledge everyone on the front lines of the fight against this pandemic – especially the medical professionals, first responders and workers in every industry who risked their own safety to provide essential products and services. While we can never thank them sufficiently for their bravery and compassion, Loews has donated $1 million to be shared among several organizations that provide direct assistance to frontline healthcare heroes. Additionally, our subsidiaries provided philanthropic support to various organizations supplying relief and aiding recovery efforts in their local communities. CNA Financial donated $1 million to organizations providing national and international relief and recovery efforts on the front lines as well as in communities where its colleagues live and work. Boardwalk Pipelines supported a range of community organizations, including local food banks, hospitals, schools and first responders. Altium Packaging instituted paid sick leave for team members impacted by COVID-19 and provided appreciation bonuses for all plant employees. And Loews Hotels & Co enacted several programs to assist impacted team members, including a multimillion dollar relief fund. We also want to recognize all of our Loews corporate and subsidiary employees who rose to the challenge with determination, focus and professionalism. Across the organization, our people have done their part to make sure that businesses had insurance and claims were paid, that natural gas was available to heat homes and medical facilities, that packaging was available for water and medicine bottles, or that a meal was delivered to a family in a hotel room. In addition, numerous employees at Loews and our subsidiaries volunteered at food banks, sorted donated items, distributed protective gear or helped however they could. Each of our subsidiaries went to great lengths to protect the health and safety of employees and customers. CNA’s investment in technology enabled a seamless shift to remote working, while the company reinforced its partnerships with agents and brokers by being available, collaborative and resourceful during the pandemic. Boardwalk implemented business continuity plans and increased measures to safeguard employees while providing uninterrupted service to customers and maintaining pipeline and storage operations. Altium was deemed an essential business and continued to operate throughout the pandemic as a key link in the food and household goods supply chains while taking aggressive measures to prevent the spread of COVID-19 in its plants. With the hospitality industry experiencing particular hardship due to the pandemic, Loews Hotels temporarily suspended operations at most of it’s locations and has since selectively and prudently resumed operations with significant new health and safety protocols. These efforts enabled us to meet the needs of customers and communities at a critical time while continuing to move Loews forward. In view of the sacrifices made by all our colleagues and in solidarity with them, we in the Office of the President chose to reduce our salaries by 50% as of April 1st and our bonuses by 50% for 2020. FINANCIAL STRENGTH We should note that Loews and its subsidiaries continued to have ample access to the capital markets throughout the COVID-19 crisis. Loews, CNA and Boardwalk each issued $500 million in ten-year notes between May and August 2020, taking advantage of the attractive rates available in the credit markets. Altium Packaging completed a debt recapitalization in February of 2021, which resulted in a $199 million dividend to Loews – basically returning a third of our equity. This is our first dividend from Altium since acquiring the company in 2017. The success of these offerings is a testament to the strength of Loews’s corporate and subsidiary balance sheets and investors’ confidence in their creditworthiness. CNA FINANCIAL Operationally, CNA’s performance continues to be quite strong. While the events of 2020 were unprecedented, including impacts not only from COVID but also from civil unrest, hurricanes and historically low interest rates, the overall trend in the property casualty insurance industry has been towards a hardening market. Net written premium increased 6% driven by new business growth, solid retention and rate increases averaging 11%. The underlying combined ratio for the full year, which excludes catastrophe losses and prior year development, was 93 .1, down from 94.8 in 2019, with improvement in both the underlying loss and expense ratios. All of this led to a 38% increase in pretax underlying underwriting income. LOEWS CORPORATE STRUCTURE During the past several years, CNA has been laser-focused on managing its long-term care (LTC) book of business. In our opinion, CNA is taking a conservative view on future interest rates, which hopefully means that they will not have to adjust for lower interest rates again going forward. Since the end of 2015, CNA’s overall LTC policy count has been reduced by 32%, with the number of active policies declining from 419,000 to 286,000. In a further effort to sharpen its core business focus and reduce reserve charges, in February of 2021 CNA transferred its legacy excess workers’ compensation portfolio through a reinsurance transaction. The transaction enabled CNA to cede approximately $690 million of net excess workers’ compensation liabilities relating to business written in 2007 and earlier years. Pre-tax net investment income for CNA was $1.9 billion in 2020, compared with $2.1 billion in 2019. While lower interest rates have certainly been a headwind for CNA’s net investment income, they have also driven the increase of CNA’s unrealized gain position on its fixed maturity portfolio, which was $5.7 billion at year-end, up from $4.1 billion at the end of 2019. On February 8, 2021, CNA announced a special dividend of 75 cents per CNA share in addition to raising its quarterly common dividend to 38 cents per share. The increase in the quarterly dividend is reflective of the CNA board’s confidence in the ongoing operational improvements at the company. CNA’s ability to return capital to shareholders, even after the company absorbed extensive catastrophe losses, underscores its financial strength and fortress balance sheet.  BOARDWALK PIPELINES From the onset of the pandemic, Boardwalk has maintained uninterrupted service to its customers while simultaneously taking measures to protect the safety of its employees and operations. Due in part to its focus on long-term transportation contracts and diversifying its customer base, Boardwalk’s business weathered the impact of the pandemic and the volatility in the energy markets. During 2020, Boardwalk completed the recontracting on its pipelines placed into service between 2008 and 2 010, and added approximately $1.3 bill ion of new contracts. The contractual back log at the end of the year was over $9 billion, or seven-times Boardwalk’s 2020 revenues. While future grow the projects could become more difficult to green light in the current environment, Boardwalk continues to benefit from its long-term, fixed-fee contracts. Approximately 75% of future contracted revenues are with investment grade customers and about 90% of revenue is backed by firm reservation charges with a weighted average transportation contract life of over seven years. ALTIUM PACKAGING Altium had an excellent year, with record operating revenues of more than $1 billion, up almost 10% from 2019. When we acquired Consolidated Container in 2017, a key tenet of our thesis related to the benefit of tuck-in acquisitions. We saw a fragmented industry, numerous targets and the opportunity for operational and expense synergies. In November, Altium acquired a privately held company specializing in the blow molding of industrial containers, its seventh acquisition under our ownership. This acquisition had only a small impact on 2020 revenue but will benefit Altium for the full year 2021 and going forward. Acquisitions completed in 2019 accounted for about 70% of Altium’s 2020 revenue growth. Altium Healthcare, the company’s pharmaceutical packaging business acquired in June 2019, led the charge. Altium continues to look for accretive tuck-in acquisitions to add further scale and diversification. Altium had record new business awards in 2020, as the company’s reputation for reliability, innovation and customer service continues to differentiate the company in the market. This new business will also benefit revenue in 2021 and beyond. Envision, the company’s recycled plastics arm, had its best performance in 2020 since Altium acquired the business in 2014. Demand for recycled plastic resin has been robust as companies that use plastics focus more and more on sustainability. In February of 2021, Altium refinanced its term loans and replaced its roughly $850 million of debt with a new $1.05 billion 7-year term loan. The deal was priced at LIBOR plus 275 basis points, with a 50-basis point LIBOR floor. The recapitalization raises Altium’s interest expense only slightly and will not impair its ability to grow organically or execute tuck-in deals. Altium’s key bank credit ratios are essentially in line with or better than they were when Loews acquired the company. LOEWS HOTELS & CO The hospitality industry was particularly hard hit by COVID-19. By April of 2020, the impact of travel bans, shelter-in-place orders and social distancing protocols required Loews Hotels & Co to suspend operations at most of its locations. The company responded to the pandemic induced downturn by transforming its operating model, including taking tough actions to reduce property-level and management company expenses. Additionally, the company focused on right-sizing capital spending and working with lenders to defer interest payments and principal pay downs. Early on, Loews Hotels established programs to assist its affected team members, including a multi-million dollar relief fund and a continuation of medical insurance benefits for furloughed team members for extended time frames. Properties began coming back online during the second quarter. As of this writing, 23 of the 27 Loews Hotels are open. Currently, leisure travel is recovering at a faster pace than business and group travel. We expect that circumstances will vary by hotel property, with occupancy at hotels increasing gradually as the industry recovers from the pandemic. We believe that properties such as those in Orlando, Miami Beach and Arlington, Texas, are well-positioned to participate in the eventual travel resurgence. That being said, it is difficult to predict when Loews Hotels will fully resume normal operations. During 2020, the Loews parent company contributed $151 million of cash to Loews Hotels to fund working capital and growth projects. Loews will invest cash again in 2021, although we expect such amounts to be less than in 2020 because of anticipated improvement in the company’s cash f low. This projection does not include any investments in development projects that may occur. DIAMOND OFFSHORE DRILLING Diamond Offshore filed for bankruptcy on April 26, 2020. The company fell victim to the protracted industry downturn and the onetwo punch brought about by the COVID-19 pandemic and persistently low oil prices, conditions which also drove other major offshore drillers into bankruptcy. Loews owned Diamond for over 30 years, taking it from a minor player in its industry to one of the largest companies in the offshore drilling space. Over the years, Diamond returned to Loews many times its investment. While filing for bankruptcy was a difficult decision, the company believes the bankruptcy process will enable Diamond to restructure and strengthen its balance sheet and achieve a more sustainable debt level. Loews has historically accounted for Diamond on a consolidated basis. Once Diamond filed for bankruptcy, however, Loews no longer controlled Diamond for GAAP purposes; accordingly, in the second quarter of 2020 Loews deconsolidated Diamond and began accounting for Diamond at fair value. As a result, Loews wrote down the carrying value of it’s interest in Diamond and recorded a $957 million dollar after-tax charge, which was reflected in our 2020 results as a net investment loss. SHARE REPURCHASES In every decade since 1970, we have repurchased more than one quarter of our outstanding shares. From the end of 2010, we have reduced our outstanding shares by about 35%. CAPITAL ALLOCATION AND LONG-TERM SHAREHOLDER VALUE While the challenges posed by the pandemic in 2020 were unprecedented, they highlight the enduring importance of a key element of Loews’s strategy: capital allocation. We believe that a strong capital base, along with a willingness to deploy that capital in a prudent, focused and disciplined manner, is essential to the creation of long-term shareholder value. We have often noted that Loews predominantly allocates capital in three ways: through share repurchases, by investing in existing subsidiaries and by acquiring new subsidiary businesses. As our stock continued to trade considerably below our view of its intrinsic value over the past year, share repurchases were our most attractive capital allocation option. In 2020, we purchased 22 million shares of Loews common stock at an average price of $41.76 per share for an aggregate cost of $917 million. It is important to note that our decision to buy back our stock did not come at the expense of any of our subsidiaries. For example, we provided capital to Loews Hotels to help it ride out the effects of COVID-19 on the hospitality industry. CNA, Boardwalk and Altium Packaging have not recently required parent company capital. Instead, Boardwalk and Altium have largely used free cash f low to finance growth opportunities, and CNA has chosen to pay dividends since it has not had a need for additional capital. On December 31, 2020, Loews had $3.5 billion in cash and investments and $2.3 billion in long-term debt. We will continue to focus on the strategic allocation of capital—whether to fund share repurchases, support the growth of existing subsidiaries or acquire a promising new business—as a primary means to create and enhance value for our shareholders. In times like these, it is important to recognize that there is no substitute for experienced management, sound judgment and a commitment to delivering results for all stakeholders. As always, we are thankful to the executive teams and the employees of our subsidiaries, as well as to all Loews employees, for their superlative efforts to overcome significant obstacles and keep their operations moving forward. We are also grateful to our board of directors for their wise guidance and counsel, and to the shareholders who have entrusted us with their investment. As shareholders ourselves, our interests align with yours—in fact, members of the Tisch family own about one-third of the company. We assure you that we will continue to allocate our capital, and dedicate our efforts, to the goal of creating long-term value.

Sincerely,

JAMES S. TISCH JONATHAN M. TISCH ANDREW H. TISCH
