2021 was another year filled with challenges, uncertainties and change. At Masco, we continued to successfully navigate the dynamics of a global pandemic while achieving our number one priority of keeping our employees safe. I want to thank our 20,000 employees across the globe for their hard work and commitment that enabled us to deliver outstanding results in another challenging year. The Masco team delivered a strong financial performance in 2021 as sales and operating profit increased 17 percent and 8 percent, respectively. While these achievements were outstanding on their own, they were even more significant given that we accomplished them against the backdrop of workplace restrictions and labor challenges as a result of the global pandemic, substantial disruptions in the supply of raw materials and other supply chain constraints, and increasing costs for commodities and transportation. Despite these headwinds, we made progress. We stayed focused on our strategy to drive the full potential of our core businesses and leverage our assets and capabilities to drive new organic and inorganic growth opportunities. Adhering to the principles of our Masco Operating System, we addressed our most critical initiatives and directly improved our overall effectiveness and execution. We maintained our strong reputation for ethical business practices and remained mindful of our environmental impact. In our communities, we provided support for both the short- and long-term recovery of those most affected by the pandemic through food, shelter, health and human services and financial assistance programs. By doing all of this, we strengthened our business, helped support the communities where we are located and delivered value to our shareholders. In our Plumbing Products segment, we executed well and delivered significant sales and profit growth in 2021. This performance was led by Delta Faucet Company’s (DFC) continued growth across all of its product categories and channels. DFC continued to launch new kitchen and bath collections and in 2021 entered the kitchen sink market, a new product category for Masco. Watkins Wellness was also a significant contributor to our growth as it continued to experience strong demand in 2021 for its outdoor, wellness-oriented products. In addition, Hansgrohe drove robust growth as demand improved in many of its key markets, including Germany, France, China and the UK. To further enhance the offerings in our Plumbing Products segment, in early 2021, Hansgrohe acquired an over 75% interest in Easy Sanitary Solutions B.V. (ESS), a Netherlands-based developer and manufacturer of high-style, linear drain solutions. ESS shares Hansgrohe’s focus on innovation and design and further expanded our strong presence in the shower space. Later in 2021, we acquired Steamist, Inc., a leading manufacturer of residential steam bath products. Steamist now operates as an affiliate of DFC, further enhancing DFC’s strong product portfolio and leveraging its existing go-to-market strategies. Our Plumbing Products segment is well positioned to continue to outperform the market with its leading brands, new product introductions and operational excellence, and enters 2022 with healthy orders. In our Decorative Architectural Products segment, our team effectively managed through numerous supply chain disruptions and challenges and gained share in both the Pro and Do-It-Yourself (DIY) paint markets. DIY paint demand remains strong, and we are positioned to capitalize on this strength with our leading brands, innovative products and market position. Our Pro paint business grew over 30 percent in 2021 driven by robust demand and our operational execution, and it now accounts for approximately 30 percent of our paint business. We expect Pro paint to remain strong as contractors continue to see a growing demand for their services. We also anticipate increasing our penetration with the Pro painter by continuing to invest in new services and programs to retain and grow with them. Our paint business is entering 2022 with a lot of momentum. Our relationship with our channel partner, The Home Depot, is extremely strong, and we are committed to mutual growth. Our Behr brand was recently named the most trusted paint brand by an independent, third-party market research firm. We continue to bring to market new product innovations, such as the recently launched BEHR DYNASTY® interior paint, our most durable, stain-repellent, scuffresistant, one-coat paint. In 2021, we expanded into adjacent categories to paint such as applicators, aerosols, interior stains, and caulks and sealants, all of which will help drive growth in 2022, and further demonstrates the strength of our brand and partnership with our customers. Over the course of the year, we executed on our commitment to return capital to shareholders, with over $1.2 billion returned in dividends and share repurchases. Our balance sheet remains strong, and we ended the year with approximately $926 million in cash. In early February 2022, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.28 per share, a 19 percent increase, payable in the first quarter of 2022. This dividend increase underscores the strength of our financial position; our ability to generate consistent, strong free cash flow; and the Board’s confidence in our future. The demand for our industry-leading brands remains robust as we enter 2022. With homes now serving multiple functions – including home offices and recreation spaces – our brands are the trusted choice for many consumers seeking home improvements. The widespread availability of our products in both brick-and-mortar and online retailers enables consumers to find us wherever they shop. We remain optimistic about the outlook for our business for 2022 and beyond. Our portfolio of low-ticket repair and remodel products with market-leading brands and product and geographic diversification provides growth and stability through economic cycles. In addition, the repair and remodel industry has favorable long-term fundamentals. Strong home price appreciation and existing home turnover, as well as structural factors such as demographics and the aging housing stock, ensure strong demand for our products for years to come. While 2021 was another challenging year, we once again demonstrated the strength and resilience of Masco and that our business is built on a strong foundation. The scale we have in our categories generates operating efficiency, our robust innovation capabilities strengthen demand for our brands, and our Masco Operating System and culture of continuous improvement provide a competitive advantage. I am confident that these factors position us well for continued growth and to deliver our collective purpose – to bring better living possibilities to our shareholders, employees, channel partners, communities and consumers.

KEITH J. ALLMAN 

President and Chief Executive Officer
