To our shareholders: The 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of MasTec, Inc. will be held on May 19, 2022, at 8:30 a.m., local time, via remote communication as more fully described below. At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will be asked to vote on the following proposals: 1. The election of C. Robert Campbell, Robert J. Dwyer and Ava L. Parker as Class III directors to serve until the 2025 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. 2. Ratification of the appointment of BDO USA, LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the 2022 fiscal year. 3. Approval of a non-binding advisory resolution regarding the compensation of our named executive officers (“NEOs”). 4. Such other business as may properly be brought before the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (“Annual Meeting”), and at any adjournments or postponements of the Annual Meeting. The foregoing proposals are discussed more fully in the Proxy Statement accompanying this notice. Shareholders of record at the close of business on March 14, 2022, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting and at any adjournments or postponements of the Annual Meeting. Pursuant to the rules and regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, which we refer to as the SEC, we are providing access to our proxy materials over the Internet. Accordingly, we are sending a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials on or about April 6, 2022, to our shareholders of record on March 14, 2022. The Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials contains instructions for accessing our Proxy Statement and Annual Report and how to vote. In addition, the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials contains instructions on how you may (i) receive a paper copy of the Proxy Statement and Annual Report or (ii) elect to receive your Proxy Statement and Annual Report over the Internet. Due to the ongoing public health impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and to support the health and well-being of our directors, officers, employees and shareholders, we have made the decision that this year’s Annual Meeting will be held solely by remote communication, in a “virtual only” format, on May 19, 2022, at 8:30 am. The Annual Meeting will not be held at a physical location and you will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting physically. This does not represent a change in our shareholder engagement philosophy. You are entitled to participate in the Annual Meeting if you were a shareholder as of the close of business on March 14, 2022, the record date (the “Record Date”) or hold a legal proxy for the meeting provided by your bank, broker, or nominee. In order to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 14, 2022, must register via the internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MTZ2022. Once registered, shareholders can attend and vote at the virtual Annual Meeting via the internet. You may vote during the virtual Annual Meeting by following the instructions available on the meeting website. If you encounter any difficulties accessing the virtual meeting, follow instructions provided on www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MTZ2022. A list of shareholders of record as of the Record Date will be available for inspection by shareholders during the Annual Meeting on the Annual Meeting website. Requests to access the list during the 10 days prior to the date of the Annual Meeting should be directed to the Corporate Secretary at Secretary@MasTec.com. It is important that you read the Proxy Materials, including the Company’s Notice of 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, Proxy Statement, Proxy Card and Annual Report on Form 10-K (collectively, the “Proxy Materials”), and we encourage you to vote your shares of common stock in advance of the Annual Meeting by one of the methods described in the Proxy Materials. 

Jose R. Mas

Chief Executive Officer
