Dear Fellow Shareholders, 

This past year was a year unlike any other — one where our mission of improving care in every setting — one product, one partner, one patient at a time — has never been more important. Our foremost priorities through the pandemic have been delivering critical supplies and medications, and protecting our employees, many whom are on the frontline. Employees at all levels across the enterprise demonstrated unmatched dedication during these unpredictable and unprecedented times, executing in support of our heroic caregivers and the communities that they serve. As a Board, we recognize that we have been elected by you to oversee and help ensure the long-term success and sustainability of McKesson’s business for the benefit of all stakeholders. We thank you for your investment in McKesson and for your confidence in McKesson’s employees, management team and Board. Despite the challenges presented by the past year, the Company made significant progress executing against strategic growth initiatives while adapting to near-term uncertainties. During this trying time our Board remained committed to providing critical oversight and nurturing a culture that values protecting and growing your investment over the long term. 

The 2021 Annual Meeting provides a moment to reflect on some of the Board’s key focus areas over the last fiscal year: 

Commitment to Board Refreshment 

Strong independent leadership and ongoing attention to Board composition are critical in our commitment to a thoughtful governance structure that is aligned with our strategic needs and accountable to shareholders. We routinely evaluate the composition of the Board and strategically refresh our membership to ensure we have a balanced mix of expertise across disciplines to guide the Company during times like these — when all companies are facing new and unexpected challenges. The Governance Committee has invested a substantial amount of time considering Board composition as part of the annual self-evaluation process, and revisits the topic throughout the year. 

Consistent with that director succession plan, this year brings departures and new additions to our Board. Chris Jacobs and Marie Knowles, our two longest-serving directors, will not be standing for reelection at the 2021 Annual Meeting. Additionally, Tony Coles informed the Board in April that he will not stand for reelection this year. On behalf of all of the members of the Board, we wish them well and want to thank them for their years of dedicated service. 

We also welcomed Linda Mantia, former senior executive vice president and chief operating officer of Manulife Financial Corporation, as our newest independent director and member of the Board’s Audit and Governance Committees. Linda is the fifth independent director to join our Board since 2018 and brings more than 25 years of experience in managing extensive financial services, operations and digital technology, adding to the Board’s breadth of experience and diverse background. 

In 2022, we plan to implement a policy requiring directors with more than 12 years tenure to offer to resign from Board service annually, which the Board, after careful consideration, can choose to accept or reject. If the Board decides it is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders to reject a resignation, the Board will disclose its rationale.

Navigating the Impact of COVID-19 

When the scale of the COVID-19 pandemic began to crystallize in early 2020, the Board collaborated with management to help ensure the stability of our critical services to our customers and protection of our employees. Experts at every level within our organization mobilized to address new developments as they occurred and interacted with regulatory authorities around the world to help ensure we were well prepared to address our customers’ evolving needs, so that they can, in turn, care best for their patients. Additionally, we have partnered with government agencies at the federal, state and local level, along with other industry leaders, to help find solutions to the most complex and pressing issues the crisis presented. Throughout the pandemic, we have taken steps to advance public health goals, maintain essential access to medications and supplies for our customers, and safeguard our employees from the spread of COVID-19. Some of the measures we have taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic include:

Protecting Our Team: Enacting measures to keep our employees safe to continue our service to healthcare

Vaccine Distribution: Supporting the U.S. government as the centralized distributor of COVID-19 vaccines and ancillary supply kits. McKesson is also playing a role in vaccine distribution in Canada and certain jurisdictions in Europe

Pharmaceutical Supply Chain: Protecting and ensuring the supply of medications for healthcare providers

Medical Supplies: Supporting demand and equitable supply of personal protective equipment This critical work speaks to the important role we play in the health care supply chain and to the depth of McKesson’s expertise in sourcing, picking, packing and distributing supplies to sites of care across the U.S. The Board is proud to see that our approach to addressing the pandemic has been consistent with our vision to improve care in every setting. McKesson will continue to be part of the recovery, serving our customers and partners every step of the way.

Setting the Tone At the Top 

At McKesson, the way we do business is just as important as the business itself, and doing business in the right way continues to be fundamental to, and embedded in, our culture. Our Board is dedicated to cultivating a culture focused on integrity and accountability. We take our role in risk oversight seriously, including on matters related to controlled substances. Our Board, which has long believed that oversight of the Company’s culture and reputation are key Board responsibilities, works with management to establish and communicate the right ethical tone, which guides our conduct and helps protect the Company’s reputation. Further, the entire Board and its committees seek to understand and review our corporate risks, overseeing matters from our reputation and legal and financial reporting risk to compensation practices and cybersecurity. 

McKesson is deeply concerned by the impact the opioid epidemic is having on families and communities across the U.S., and this issue is top of mind for our Board of Directors. McKesson is in ongoing advanced discussions regarding opioid-related claims of governmental entities and based on the substantial progress we have made toward a broad settlement of those claims, we determined it was appropriate to accrue for this potential liability. In the third quarter of FY 2021, we made an accrual of approximately $8.1 billion, reflecting McKesson’s estimated liability over a period of 18 years for those opioid-related claims. We remain hopeful that a broad resolution can be achieved, which would accelerate relief efforts for the people and communities impacted by this public health crisis. As we have previously disclosed, in May 2018, the Compensation Committee reinforced and codified its longstanding practice of considering the impact of regulatory, compliance and legal issues when making executive compensation decisions. As a result, the Compensation Committee considered the impact of this estimated liability for opioid-related claims in its decision-making process for FY 2021, and concluded that it would be appropriate to reduce incentive plan payouts. Please refer to page 35 of our Compensation Discussion & Analysis to learn more. 

Executing a Clear Growth Strategy 

Among the Board’s stewardship functions, providing oversight related to McKesson’s near- and long-term strategies is paramount. We are actively engaged in reviewing, guiding and overseeing the development and the execution of these valuecreation strategies. McKesson focused on building out a connected ecosystem over the last several years in the areas of oncology and biopharma services where we believe we have key differentiated capabilities. As we reflect on FY 2021, our results reflect McKesson’s ability to rise to the challenge and meet the evolving demands of our customers and partners, and demonstrate continued execution against our priorities: strong operating profit performance, promoting an inclusive culture and streamlining McKesson’s portfolio. Page 2 provides highlights of some of our more significant financial and strategic accomplishments. 

We Ask for Your Support 

The Board leverages a year-round shareholder engagement program to understand key areas of shareholder interest. Our robust program, which includes director participation, meets with a broad base of shareholders throughout the year to discuss corporate governance, executive compensation, sustainability and ESG practices, and other matters of importance. This dialogue provides us with valuable insight and feedback from shareholders on an ongoing basis, allowing the Board to better understand our shareholders’ priorities and perspectives and to incorporate them into our deliberations and decision-making. 

We value the trust you place in us through your investment in McKesson. We appreciate the opportunity to serve McKesson on your behalf in 2021 and beyond, and will continue our focus on the sustainable and long-term growth of the Company. We look forward to hearing your views at this year’s annual meeting and in the year to come. 

Your vote is very important to us. We strongly encourage you to read both our proxy statement and annual report in their entirety prior to the Annual Meeting on July 23, 2021, and request that you support our voting recommendations.

Edward A. Mueller 

Independent Chair
