LETTER FROM OUR CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Alongside our financial commitments, we remain fully focused on living our Purpose and delivering on our environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) agenda, particularly at a time when there are opportunities for companies to exert an even more positive influence on society and the planet through their actions and scale. Led by our local teams, we stepped up in 2020 to support the communities in which we operate with approximately $28 million in product and cash donations that went towards addressing the most acute needs and other COVID-19-related impacts. During the pandemic, I am proud to say we not only maintained our strong progress against ambitious sustainability goals, but also accelerated our agenda in key areas such as packaging, where, in addition to our previously communicated goal to achieve 100% recyclability by 2025, we are now committing to reducing virgin plastic use in our rigid plastic packaging by at least 25% over the same timeframe. Similarly, we built on our long-standing commitment to promoting diversity and inclusion in our business by launching a new multi-year program of action that includes the appointment of a Chief Global Diversity & Inclusion Officer, a material increase in Black management representation in the United States, and a commitment to spend $1 billion annually with women- and minority-owned businesses by 2024. Finally, at Mondelēz International, we’ve always been focused on driving and measuring the impact of our actions, as well as actively seeking partnerships and collaborations to help scale our efforts. To help us increase our impact, we’re developing Sustainable Futures, an investment fund that will help us partner with others on climate and social projects around the world. None of this would be possible without a highly engaged and motivated workforce, committed to driving our collective financial and organizational goals. Over the past three years, the changes we have made have increased local accountability, created a sharper winning spirit and a stronger mindset of agility across our business. In a global survey of our colleagues last year, we improved scores across all of our key measures, including employee pride and happiness, as well as colleagues’ willingness to recommend Mondelēz International as a great place to work. With these strong foundations and the progress we’re making against our plans, the prospects for sustainable growth and value-creation for shareholders, customers, consumers and colleagues are sizable and clear. I believe that our unique portfolio of our brands, coupled with our broad geographic footprint and dedicated and motivated teams, create a powerful platform for future expansion. We responded to the challenges presented by COVID-19 with determination and agility, taking decisive actions to prepare our business to emerge stronger, and this positions us well to continue delivering on our targets in 2021 and beyond. We look forward to engaging with you in the months ahead as we share more details on the progress we have made with our financial goals and ESG agenda. On behalf of the Mondelēz International team, I would like to thank you for your investment.

Best wishes,

Dirk Van de Put 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
