Letter To Shareholders - Better Together

As we approach the tenth anniversary of Murphy USA’s spin, we reflect proudly on the Company’s achievements. While performance has exceeded peers and the broader market measured by total shareholder returns, we are most proud of how we accomplished these results. Underpinning our historical performance is a sustainable, low-cost business model with an enduring and growing advantage, thanks to the relentless improvement mindset of our leaders. This low-cost model supports our competitive everyday low-price value proposition and distinctive loyalty program, which resonates with customers who are increasingly seeking value as they face ever changing hardships, especially in rural and lower income communities. Key to delivering our customer value proposition is our highly engaged team of store associates and support staff, where investments in their well-being have created a cultural advantage that is hard to replicate. As a result, Murphy USA has been resilient to the most recent challenges and remains agile to address new ones looming on the horizon. With that confidence, we took the bold step in 2021 of acquiring QuickChek to further enhance the sustainability of our business model through the addition of its industry leading food and beverage offers and capabilities. As we emerge from the past few years stronger and look forward, we recognize investors and stakeholders are increasingly focused on the sustainability of public companies, their operating and governance practices in a changing world, and ensuring that longterm value creation remains a discrete outcome, delivered in a socially and environmentally responsible manner. Amongst all the practices involved in running our business responsibly, paramount to Murphy USA sustaining its enduring advantage include: the durability of our everyday low-price and low-cost business model; maintaining a strong bond of trust with our customers; and retaining, developing, and motivating a highly engaged work force. We have long-standing practices and metrics in place to focus on, address and insulate ourselves from these material risks and ongoing initiatives to continuously raise the bar as we believe we can never become complacent in our competitive industry. Enhancing our fuel and merchandise pricing capabilities and systems, coupled with advanced data and market intelligence, helps ensure we price responsibly to win with our customers and provide every-day low prices, in order to gain market share and further strengthen our competitive advantage. Leading HR practices, including employee training, compensation, and career pathing, ensure that our distinctive value proposition to our employees continues to attract diverse talent and generate and sustain strong engagement levels, which exceed our retail sector and similarly sized firms. Cybersecurity efforts, including our $60 million investment in EMV technology at the pump, help resist and repel malicious threats, ensuring the integrity of customer data and protecting the reputation of our brand. While focused on the most material risks to our business, these are but a few of the actions we take to sustain our advantaged model in a socially responsible manner as well as earn a place of respect in the communities where we operate. We are committed to responsible retailing, which includes strict policies and training to uphold and enforce selling age-restricted products. We are committed to the environment in the communities we operate, which includes maintaining strict environmental and maintenance standards and technology to ensure the integrity of our facilities. Through our customer round-up program supporting the Boys & Girls Club of America, we are committed to giving back to the communities in which we serve—especially to those members of our communities who need it the most. While we take deep pride in raising the bar for ourselves and meeting higher expectations, we recognize the bar often moves through forces outside of our control. As forms of mobility and energy continue to evolve, we are well positioned to meet the changing needs of our customers and communities when and where it makes economic sense to do so. For example, our QuickChek network has electric vehicle (EV) charging facilities in place at roughly 5% of its network, which is one of the highest participation rates in the industry. With greater population density, higher EV penetration, larger lots, and an enhanced offer to serve customers while they recharge, our success and early participation in some of the most attractive markets provides insights into the key factors that influence the viability of investments in the future across our entire network. In Murphy USA’s more rural markets where we anticipate much slower adoption and a limited opportunity based on the same factors, we remain committed to providing the lowest cost transportation fuel to meet our customer’s essential needs—and to deliver that fuel in a highly responsible manner. Murphy USA’s focus on enhancing its sustainable advantage has also translated into creating exceptional value for shareholders in 2021. Through new stores and competitive retailing, we grew fuel market share at record margins generating over $1 billion in fuel contribution. We achieved synergies from the QuickChek acquisition ahead of our Year 1 target and substantially grew our contribution from merchandise to over $700 million, with food and beverage now comprising roughly 14% of total contribution dollars, up from less than 1% before the acquisition. Through record earnings and cash flows, we repurchased $355 million of shares and grew our dividend payout, further rewarding long-term shareholders. Under our longstanding mantra of being internally active, we recently announced a $1 billion share repurchase program that further demonstrates our belief in Murphy USA’s long-term value creation strategy. Our continued focus on relentless business improvement and balanced capital allocation coupled with an inherent understanding that this is a relationship business, with our employees, customers, business partners and communities, all contribute to a sustainable and advantaged model that instills pride in our entire team. It is also a constant reminder to us that we are all better together.

R. Andrew Clyde 

President and Chief Executive Officer
