NCR Stockholders, Three years ago, we made a commitment to stabilize the business, take care of our customers and shift the revenue mix to more recurring software and services. I am pleased to tell you that we did all of this and more. NCR entered 2021 with strong momentum, with the goal of returning NCR to growth. We accomplished this by improving customer satisfaction and investing in our strategic growth platforms. Digital Banking is again a growth engine for NCR, we are seeing strong customer demand for new products such as our cloud-based retail POS software NCR EmeraldTM and seeing increased attach rates for our payment solutions and transactions across our Allpoint Network. We also continue to make significant progress in the integration of acquisitions like LibertyXTM, Terafina, FreshopTM and CardtronicsTM. Customer satisfaction improved 33% year-over-year, with a 2021 Net Promoter Score of 48. NCR increased recurring revenue 25% year-over-year, and it is now 58% of total consolidated revenue. We expanded software and services revenue to 73% of total consolidated revenue and generated significant gross margin expansion. Today, we are on track to achieve our 80/60/20 targets (80% software/services revenue, 60% recurring revenue, and 20% adjusted EBITDA margins) ahead of schedule. Heading into 2022, NCR is focused on accelerating our transformation to a platform and payments company. To do this, we have established a five-year growth plan for our business segments: retail, hospitality, digital banking, self-service banking, and our payments & network business. Our strategy is clear, retain our existing customer base, migrate our customers to our software platform, attach payments to point-of-sale transactions, and garner a larger share of wallet. Our new five-year goals are 80/15/1, which represent driving 80% of our revenues to recurring revenue, 15% annual non-GAAP earnings per share (EPS) growth, and $1 billion in free cash flow by 2026. I appreciate your confidence in NCR, as well as your continued feedback, and for sharing our vision of NCR’s future.

Michael D. Hayford

Chief Executive Officer
