Dear Shareholders, This year Newmont celebrated its 100th anniversary, a milestone which many companies can only aspire to achieve. Milestones such as these allow for opportunities to reflect on the past as well as to look to the future. As only the 10th CEO in Newmont’s history, I am especially struck by the substantial change which has occurred globally in such a short amount of time. Arguably, the pandemic has been one of the most disruptive events in modern times. And yet, in the face of it all, our people have continued to show incredible resilience. We are now into the third year of the pandemic, and our workforce continues to adapt, applying both head and heart to find solutions and grow our company. At the same time, companies are being held to an increasingly higher standard by our workforce, communities, governments and shareholders — and that is as it should be. We must create value beyond the bottom line. When we create value for all our stakeholders, we create value for our shareholders; the connection between solid environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance and a well-run business is integrally linked. Newmont understands that as the world’s leading gold company, with a portfolio of world-class assets in top-tier jurisdictions, we have a tremendous opportunity to be a catalyst for change. We are grounded in our values, with a focus on the future where we will lead the industry as we continue to set — and hold ourselves accountable to — higher standards. A HISTORY OF LEADING ESG PRACTICES FOR FUTURE SUCCESS Newmont has a long history of taking a leading approach to ESG practices and fundamentally believes this differentiates us from others in the sector. And whilst our approach has certainly evolved, ESG is woven into the very fabric of Newmont. Our commitment to delivering on our purpose has informed our business strategy and is fundamental to how we run our business, where we choose to operate, and how we conduct ourselves on a daily basis. The strength of our ESG practices begins with our governance structure, including a diverse independent Board, compensation plans that incorporate sustainability as well as specific health and safety targets, and independent, third-party assurance. In 2021, our leading emissions targets for 2030 were validated and approved by the Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi), providing important verification that our actions are aligned with those required to have an impact on addressing climate change. Transparency and accountability are equally important to ESG performance as the standards we set. We regularly rank as one of the most transparent companies in the S&P 500 and issued our 17th Annual Sustainability Report in 2021. We continued to evolve our sustainability reporting with the release of our inaugural Climate Report, aligned to the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. The expansion of our public disclosures marked a fundamental change for the Company in financial reporting and business planning, sending a clear signal that Newmont has moved beyond managing climate change as a sustainability issue to incorporating these risks and opportunities into our business strategy and business planning processes. As we align our business goals with the long-term interests of stakeholders, we work to obtain and maintain social acceptance by building an understanding of cultures and meaningful relationships throughout the mine lifecycle. Through proactive engagement, we seek to understand the effect of our actions and foster mutual value creation to promote greater socioeconomic development well beyond our direct impact so communities can thrive long after we are gone. HEALTH, SAFETY AND WELLBEING AT THE HEART OF EVERYTHING WE DO The health, safety and wellbeing of our workforce and host communities is at the heart of what we do. Throughout 2021, we remained steadfast, maintaining a wide range of protective measures at all our sites and locations and continuing to support host communities through our Global Community Support Fund. Since its inception, the Fund has provided $14 million in relief in the form of critical medical supplies, testing equipment, educational support, micro-credits and other financial support to promote economic resiliency and recovery. And whilst our teams implemented necessary protective measures, operations were still impacted by COVID-19, requiring people to isolate, quarantine and frequently adapt to changing protocols and requirements. Throughout, the Newmont workforce has shown agility and resilience and implemented key learnings even as the pandemic continued well into 2022. With increased availability of the COVID-19 vaccines, we took the decision we believed to be a necessary part in ending the spread of the virus by requiring vaccinations across our global workforce. In addition to providing vaccination awareness programs and clinics to our workforce, we also worked with local communities and host governments to provide education, testing and vaccinations. Today, the vast majority of our workforce is fully vaccinated. Despite the challenges of the sustained nature of the pandemic, Newmont maintained a relentless focus on safety, starting with fatality risks being understood and the critical controls to manage them being in place at all times. Safety is a core value and it is paramount that everyone working for Newmont returns home safely after each shift. Our Fatality Risk Management program has been supported by a visible, felt leadership with more than half a million critical control verifications in the field completed to ensure that our critical controls are in place and understood. And whilst we were proud to have remained fatality free and achieved one of the lowest personal injury rates in our company’s history, we still had 73 significant potential events. These events provide important learnings to prevent a reoccurrence and keep our workforce safe. OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE DRIVES SHAREHOLDER RETURNS A hallmark of Newmont’s operational performance is our integrated operating model underpinned by a leadership team with deep operational experience, an unmatched portfolio of world-class, long-life operations and an organic project pipeline that is the best in the industry. In 2021, Newmont produced 6.0 million attributable ounces of gold4 and 1.3 million attributable gold equivalent ounces from other metals. Going forward, Newmont has a portfolio of operations and projects that will produce nearly 8 million attributable gold equivalent ounces per year for at least the next decade* — the most of any company in our industry. And, Newmont’s reserves base continues to be a further differentiator, with reserves of nearly 93 million gold mineral ounces and 65 million gold equivalent ounces, as well as measured and indicated gold resources of 68.3 million ounces and inferred gold resources of 33.2 million ounces.* Through our 12 managed operations, supported by our culture of continuous improvement and our Full Potential program, Newmont delivered $814 million in cost and productivity improvements in 2021, with approximately $4 billion in savings generated since the program’s inception in 2014.* Along with our Full Potential program, furthering our reinvestment in our business through innovation and technology is key to delivering stakeholder value. Boddington, Western Australia’s largest gold mine, successfully implemented the gold industry’s first fully autonomous haulage system in record time. Learnings from the implementation will be foundational to our recently announced strategic alliance with Caterpillar Inc. The alliance will transform mining with a comprehensive mining system including an all-electric zero emitting autonomous haulage fleet for safer, more productive underground and open pit operations beginning in 2023. Newmont continued to advance the growth projects of Tanami Expansion 2 in Australia, Pamour in Canada, as well as the expansion of the Cerro Negro District in Argentina. Ahafo North, a new mine in one of the best unmined deposits in West Africa, received full funding, and will add more than three million ounces of gold production over an initial 13-year mine life. Full funding for the Yanacocha Sulfides project was extended to late 2022 as the project progresses at the pace the pandemic allows. At least a half a billion dollars will be invested through 2022 to advance long-lead procurement and critical activities, such as detailed engineering, camp facility development and early earthworks, as we continue to engage with local communities and the government.* Additionally, we continued to strengthen our project portfolio whilst delivering our strategy of district consolidation with the acquisition of GT Gold and the Saddle project in the highly sought-after Golden Triangle district of British Columbia in Canada. DELIVERING ON OUR COMMITMENTS TO SHAREHOLDERS Newmont continued to operate from a position of strength in 2021, leveraging our size and scale to deliver strong ESG, operational and financial performance. In 2021, we generated $4.3 billion in cash from continuing operations and $2.6 billion in free cash flow,* 99.8% of which is attributable to Newmont. This solid performance across our balanced portfolio, combined with our disciplined approach to capital allocation and confidence in the strength of our business supports our ability to steadily reinvest in our future as we provide industry-leading shareholder returns. We marked the first full year of our dividend framework, continuing our commitment to providing consistent and meaningful shareholder returns. Newmont returned $1.8 billion in dividends in 2021 for a total declared dividend of $2.20 per share, positioning Newmont amongst the top 10 percent of S&P 500 large cap dividend payers. We also returned an additional $525 million through a share repurchase program. 2021 was a watershed year for Newmont as we further created a direct link between our sustainability performance and funding strategies. We became the first in the industry to issue a sustainability-linked bond, with the public offering of $1 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.600% Sustainability-Linked Senior Notes due in 2032. The coupon on the bond is linked to Newmont’s performance against our commitments to climate change and gender parity. The bond offering is in addition to the issuance of a $3.0 billion sustainabilitylinked revolving credit facility earlier in the year. The credit facility includes an interest adjustment based upon third-party assessment of the Company’s ESG performance. By aligning our financial performance and ESG performance, we are further demonstrating our commitment to leading ESG practices throughout the business. LEADING CHANGE. FOCUSED ON VALUE. As we embark on the next 100 years of leading transformation in the mining industry, Newmont is focused on the value we create for all our stakeholders. In order to address the critical global issues we face today, the mining industry will need companies with scale, mine life, superior cash flow generation, and leaders with an unwavering commitment to leading ESG practices and performance. We believe that Newmont is that leader. On behalf of Newmont’s 14,400 employees, our leadership team and our Board of Directors, thank you for your confidence and support as we look to create the next 100 years of Newmont’s history.

Tom Palmer 

President and Chief Executive Officer
