Dear Fellow Stockholders: 

This past year has been one of the most difficult years many of us have ever experienced, with challenges and hardships in our professional as well as personal lives. Despite these challenges, I am pleased to report that the Nucor Team stepped up to deliver a strong performance during a difficult year. Our teams adapted to the challenging environment we all faced and continued to exceed the needs of our customers and partners. Through it all, our team stayed focused on delivering value to our stockholders, customers and our communities. At the beginning of the year, I challenged our team to become the Safest Steel Company in the World. And the Nucor team responded, making 2020 the safest year in our history. We look forward to building on that success in 2021. Nucor teammates also worked to take care of the communities where we live and operate during the pandemic. Teammates donated personal protective equipment (PPE) to first responders, marshaled 3-D printers to make PPE, and collected food for neighbors who needed a meal. I could not be prouder of how our team took the initiative to help. Thank you for your dedication and commitment to Nucor and your communities during this unprecedented year. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS At the start of the year, it was difficult to forecast our expectations for our financial performance given the volatile economic conditions. In the end, our team delivered strong financial results despite the impacts of the pandemic. In 2020, Nucor earned $721.5 million, or $2.36 per diluted share. Consolidated net sales in 2020 decreased by 11% to $20.14 billion compared with $22.59 billion in 2019. We shipped 25.5 million tons of steel, steel products and scrap to outside customers, for a decrease of 4% from the previous year, while the average sales price per ton decreased 7% compared to 2019. Capacity utilization rates at our steel mills averaged 82%. The average scrap and scrap substitute cost per gross ton used decreased 8% to $290 from $314 in 2019. At the end of 2020, the Board of Directors increased the regular quarterly cash dividend on our common stock from $0.4025 to $0.405 per share. The base cash dividend has been increased by the Board every year since the Company began paying dividends in 1973. Nucor has made 191 consecutive quarterly cash dividend payments. Company operations continued to generate strong cash flows with operating cash flow of approximately $2.70 billion for the year. Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and restricted cash and cash equivalents totaled $3.16 billion at year end. Adding to Nucor’s strong liquidity, our $1.50 billion unsecured revolving credit facility is undrawn and does not expire until April 2023.

RESILIENT TEAM, RESILIENT MARKETS When the pandemic hit in early March and states shut down, we began to prepare for the worst, expecting a significant hit to the economy. And while that did happen in the second quarter, the economic recovery that began in the summer was more rapid than we had anticipated. Our teammates and business model proved to be resilient, as did many of the end-use markets we serve. I cannot say enough about how quickly the Nucor Team adapted to the operational changes we made in response to the pandemic. Our facilities were deemed essential businesses in every state where we operate that imposed Stay-At-Home orders. We continued to make steel and steel products throughout the pandemic. Because our team kept our mills running safely and reliably throughout the volatility that characterized 2020, we were able to take advantage of the unexpected demand from many of our customers. Our commercial team leveraged our broad product portfolio and operational reliability to grow our relationships with new and existing customers in ways that will benefit Nucor going forward. Several end-use markets proved to be resilient as well, most notably construction and automotive, which together account for nearly two-thirds of steel consumption. In the non-residential construction market, data centers and distribution centers were particularly strong subsectors. We have worked to build relationships in these markets, ensuring that we are providing the best value-add across steel making and steel products solutions to serve those customers. We will continue to work with President Biden and the new Administration to make passing a significant infrastructure spending bill a priority. We are still driving on roads and bridges designed and built during the Eisenhower Administration. Our nation is relying on the past instead of building for the future. That’s just wrong for America. Congress and the Administration need to get this done. With approximately 50% of our steel used in construction sector, there is no company more poised and ready to meet the needs of rebuilding our country than Nucor. The automotive market took a significant hit in the second quarter as many of its manufacturing facilities shut down in response to the pandemic. However, by the third quarter the market improved and was particularly strong in the fourth quarter as automakers resumed strong production rates in response to low inventory. We expect vehicle production will rebound in 2021. Despite the market volatility, we feel good about our prospects for continuing to gain share in this important market. Demand in other markets was more mixed. The oil and gas sector was quite weak, as increased utilization of remote work and the ongoing concerns around all forms of travel have significantly impacted demand for oil products, resulting in a decrease in production. The renewable power sector was a much stronger segment of the energy market. Our steelmaking segment orders related to these markets grew by double digits compared to 2019. This market is one we are targeting, and many of our steels and steel products are essential to its continued buildout. As we head into 2021, our team’s focus remains on continuing to deliver an unrivaled value proposition to our customers on quality, reliability, and competitive pricing. REALIZING THE BENEFITS OF OUR STRATEGIC GROWTH PROJECTS During the year, we focused on executing nine growth projects that represent over $4 billion in investments to expand our reach and capabilities. We are already seeing the benefits from several of these projects that started operations. Our new galvanizing line at Nucor Steel Gallatin had an excellent first full year of operations – shipping 39% more tons than we projected. Profitability in the first year was also ahead of plan. The new galvanizing line benefited from the strong flat-rolled market conditions that emerged in the second half of 2020. The performance of our new cold mill at Nucor Steel Arkansas has also been excellent, with shipments almost 30% ahead of our initial plan. Strong customer acceptance rates following trials we conducted throughout 2020 mean that the mill is now booked out for 2021 at 85% of its nameplate capacity for contract customers. Our new rebar micro mill in Sedalia also exceeded expectations. The team in Missouri generated a solid operating profit during the fourth quarter and its spooled rebar product continues to be well received by the market. Our second rebar micro mill in Frostproof, Florida started up operations at the end of the year. We made excellent progress on other growth projects as well, including our expansion project at our Nucor Steel Gallatin sheet mill and the new Gen 3 galvanizing line at our Nucor Steel Arkansas sheet mill. In October, we broke ground on our new steel plate mill in Kentucky and the team there is still on track to start-up operations late in the fourth quarter of 2022. All of these projects are helping us to build new capabilities to better serve our customers well into the future. They are moving us up the product value chain and cementing our position as the most diversified steel and steel products company in North America. SUSTAINABLE STEELMAKING We are not only well positioned to meet our customers’ product needs, but also to be the supplier of choice as we see sustainability and product transparency becoming a more important factor in product sourcing decisions. Our sustainable steelmaking will also be important as we expect to see governments at all levels continue to take policy actions aimed at addressing climate change. As North America’s largest recycler, we have a great sustainability story to share with policymakers. Nucor’s steelmaking CO2 emissions are half of the global average on a per ton basis, and the energy intensity of our steelmaking process is about one-quarter the global average. This reflects our status as a leading EAFbased steel producer. Our environmental footprint will continue to shrink as the U.S. energy grid becomes greener. If there is significant legislative action to address carbon emissions, we feel very well positioned given our efficiency level. At Nucor, we are also looking beyond our mills to support the development of new renewable energy sources. We signed a Virtual Power Purchase Agreement to enable the construction of 250 megawatts of new solar energy in Texas, which is enough electricity to power about 50,000 homes across the state. This is the largest agreement of its kind for the steel industry. We intend to continue to raise the bar for what it means to be a leader in environmental sustainability. EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT TEAM CHANGES As 2020 came to a close, we announced several changes to our executive team. Dave Sumoski was promoted to Chief Operating Officer. During his career with Nucor, Dave has led multiple steel product groups and strategic initiatives, most recently combining our domestic rebar steel mill and fabrications businesses. His experience and knowledge of our steel-making capabilities, markets and customers will allow him to drive the successful execution of our plans. MaryEmily Slate has taken on a new role as Executive Vice President for Commercial. This is the first time we have had an EVP level leader in this role at Nucor. We have built numerous market leading positions across our broad and diversified product portfolio. This new role will help us leverage this competitive advantage and deliver more integrated solutions to our customers going forward. We also welcomed five new teammates to our executive team - Al Behr, Doug Jellison, Greg Murphy, Rex Query and Dan Needham. Each of these executive management team promotions will enhance our ability to serve our customers and our shareholders. REFLECTIONS ON A CHALLENGING YEAR The challenges our nation faced in 2020, from the pandemic to our reckoning with racial injustice, caused our company to think more broadly about our concept of safety. Safety cannot simply be about preventing illness and injury, but must also be about the health and well-being of our entire team. As we look at ways to ensure racial justice, safety must also include how we treat one another. It means making sure every one of our 26,400 team members feels valued and a part of this amazing company, and that every team member feels safe and free from discrimination based on the color of their skin, their age, their sexual orientation, or their religious or political views. We have begun an internal, organizational-wide effort to examine how we can become a more inclusive company. I am proud of the work our team is doing to execute on all aspects of safety. But we have so much more to do. Safety will always be our most important value as a company. Thank you for choosing to invest in Nucor. We appreciate the trust you put in us to effectively use the capital you provide. Thank you as well to our customers for choosing to do business with us. We are committed to finding new and better ways to meet your needs for steel and steel products. I said to our team repeatedly throughout the year that I believed we would come out of the challenges of 2020 a stronger company, and, by living our culture each day, we have. We look forward to building on our strengths in 2021.

Sincerely,

Leon J. Topalian 

President & Chief Executive Officer
