For ONEOK, 2021 was another year of consecutive earnings growth driven by the performance of our employees and our well-positioned and integrated assets, as the economy continued to recover in year two of the COVID-19 pandemic. Drilling activity increased and commodity prices improved as demand for natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGLs) strengthened, resulting in volume growth in 2021. ONEOK’s resiliency continues to prove that it can grow and return value to shareholders through commodity cycles. In the first quarter 2021, our employees were proactive in preparing for Winter Storm Uri and made the necessary operational adjustments to keep our assets running to meet the critical needs of our customers as record demand for natural gas, propane and electricity soared. We want to express our deep appreciation for our employees who worked tirelessly during this extreme winter weather event. 2021 was also a year of leadership transition. In September 2021, Terry K. Spencer retired after 20 years in various executive leadership positions at ONEOK, including more than seven years as President and CEO, and as a member of our board of directors. We thank him for his leadership through a tremendous period of growth for the company and for carrying on ONEOK’s history of success. Following the CEO transition, our leadership team spent a significant amount of time reflecting on our core businesses’ role and their integration into our business strategy going forward in an advancing energy future. This process resulted in creating our company’s new Mission, Vision, Core Values and Strategic Map – changes driven by an advancing world and a transforming energy future. Our new Mission, Vision and Core Values provide a road map for our employees and stakeholders to understand where we are headed as a company, why we are going in that direction and how we will get there. Our Mission is to deliver energy products and services vital to an advancing world. As a part of the global energy transformation underway, we continue to deliver products that improve lives. Natural gas provides reliable, affordable and cleaner energy. NGLs have many valuable uses including home heating, transportation fuel and feedstocks for a wide range of products, such as health care products, building materials, packaging, technology, clothing and sources of energy to promote economic growth in developing nations. The products we deliver are in action every day. Our Vision is to create exceptional value for our stakeholders by providing solutions for a transforming energy future. We set a standard to be exceptional in everything we do. Central to our Vision is the transforming energy future. Today, we provide solutions for our natural gas and NGL customers. We will continue developing additional capabilities and expertise for our company as we explore new opportunities and adapt our current assets to participate in a lower-carbon world. Our Core Values and the actions associated with them (listed on the first page of this report) act as a compass that not only sets the direction of our company culture but also guides everything we do. They are the pillars that support the success of our Mission and Vision. Among our Core Values is Safety and Environmental. ONEOK has a long history of safe, reliable and responsible operations, and we remain committed to our core operating principles while continuing to identify opportunities to reduce our operational impact to the environment. In September 2021, we announced a companywide greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reduction target to achieve an absolute 30% reduction of Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030, compared with 2019 base-year levels. This further demonstrates our dedication to emissions reductions through industry relationships, best management practices, the use of technology to detect and minimize emissions, and to internally set environmental targets. ONEOK’s commitment to sustainability and social responsibility continues to be recognized by several leading organizations and agencies. In 2021, ONEOK received an MSCI ESG Rating of AA, was named to JUST Capital’s list of Top 100 U.S. Companies Supporting Healthy Communities and Families, and received an ESG Risk Rating placing it in the top 10% in the refiners and pipelines industry assessed by Sustainalytics, to name a few. Underscoring our commitment to create exceptional value for our stakeholders, we maintained our dividend through the pandemic and further strengthened our balance sheet in 2021, reducing our total outstanding debt by more than $600 million. Our strong 2022 outlook is supported by increasing natural gas and NGL volumes across our operations due to increasing producer activity; a favorable commodity price backdrop; a rising gas-to-oil ratio in the Williston Basin and expected volume growth from projects recently completed in our operating areas, including our Bear Creek plant expansion in North Dakota. In November, we announced the continuation of construction of our Demicks Lake III natural gas processing facility in the Williston Basin and MB-5 NGL fractionator in Mont Belvieu, Texas. This decision was driven by increasing volumes and improving demand for natural gas and NGLs. These projects, which remain fully contracted, were suspended in 2020 due to the pandemic. Demicks Lake III will support producer development plans in the core of the Williston Basin while continuing our commitment to help customers eliminate or minimize natural gas flaring. MB-5 will fractionate the incremental growth in NGL volumes from across our operations, including the Rocky Mountain region and Permian Basin. Both projects are expected to be completed in 2023. The capital being invested in current projects is expected to provide attractive returns and create earnings more quickly than typical project cycles. Many of our assets have significant capacity to grow alongside the needs of our customers as we remain focused on further enhancing the reliability of our infrastructure. The strong results for the year underscore the quality of our assets and the hard work and dedication of our more than 2,800 employees. Our employees remained disciplined and focused on safety, reliability and the responsible operations of our assets. Their hard work resulted in companywide earnings growth in 2021 and has laid the foundation for continued growth in 2022. We again thank them for their commitment to our company. Guided by our Mission, Vision, Core Values and Strategic Map, we will grow by continuing to provide solutions that meet the needs of our current and future customers as we build on our core business and transform to play a vital role in an advancing world. Thank you to our investors for your trust and commitment as you continue this journey with us and invest in ONEOK’s future.

Pierce H. Norton II 

President and Chief Executive Officer
