Fellow Shareholders: 2021 was a banner year for Ovintiv. Our returns-based strategy, disciplined capital allocation and execution excellence have positioned us at the forefront of driving innovation to produce oil and natural gas from shale—both profitably and sustainably. We are deeply committed to translating our leading efficiency into superior returns. Looking ahead, we will continue our track record of generating significant free cash flow, further reducing debt, increasing our direct returns to shareholders and driving ESG progress. In 2021, we delivered on every aspect of our value proposition. We continued to rapidly reduce debt, drove efficiency gains to more than offset cost inflation, implemented a new capital allocation framework to enhance returns to shareholders, generated significant free cash flow, and substantially lowered emissions. A few of our key accomplishments are highlighted below. CONTINUED DEBT REDUCTION Paying down debt was one of our top priorities as we entered 2021. Over the year, through a combination of free cash flow and proceeds from the sale of non-core assets, our net debt balance dropped by approximately $2.3 billion, significantly de-levering our balance sheet and improving our financial flexibility. IMPLEMENTED A NEW CAPITAL ALLOCATION FRAMEWORK Over the next 10 years, our business is positioned to generate a tremendous amount of free cash flow. With this robust outlook, we felt it was important to provide the market with a clear, transparent and durable roadmap for how we plan to allocate capital. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2021, and until the net debt target is met, Ovintiv will return 25% of the previous quarter’s free cash flow after base dividends to our shareholders through either share buybacks or variable dividends. The remaining 75% will be allocated to the balance sheet, with a modest amount allocated to small, low-cost property bolt-ons. Once we hit our net debt milestone, the shareholder return allocation will increase to at least 50% of free cash flow after base dividends with the remaining funds allocated to the balance sheet. The framework solidifies our commitment to maintaining financial strength, generating superior returns on capital investments, and returning significant cash to our shareholders. INCREASED BASE DIVIDEND PAYMENTS In the third quarter, we increased our base dividend by about 50% and with our year-end results we announced a further 43% base dividend raise to $0.80 per share on an annualized basis. This substantial increase reflects our confidence in the growing cash flow profile of our business. We have now raised our dividend three times since 2019. ACHIEVED STRONG FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE Our full-year net earnings totaled $1.4 billion and non-GAAP cash flow was $3.2 billion. With capital investment totaling $1.5 billion, we generated nonGAAP free cash flow of approximately $1.7 billion. FOCUSED THE ORGANIZATION ON OFFSETTING COST INFLATION Our results show that we are the leading E&P company on capital efficiency, driven by our culture of innovation. From base production optimization to supply chain management to drilling and completions activities, we are always looking at ways to deliver better wells for lower cost. Despite significant inflationary pressures, our teams delivered an 11% reduction year-over-year in average well costs and new “pacesetter” results were achieved in each of the three core assets. DELIVERED LEADING SAFETY AND ESG PERFORMANCE 2021 was our eighth consecutive “safest year ever” and it marked our 17th year of Sustainability reporting. We made significant strides in emissions reductions, and I am very proud to report that we exceeded our target for a 33% reduction in methane emissions intensity—four years ahead of schedule—with a total reduction of more than 50% compared to our 2019 baseline. Additionally, Ovintiv was one of the first E&P companies to declare full alignment with the World Bank Zero Routine Flaring Initiative, nine years ahead of the 2030 target. We also achieved a greater than 20% reduction in our Scope 1 & 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions intensity, measured against 2019 levels. Demonstrating continued, measurable progress in this important aspect of our business is a key focus for us. As such, we recently announced a target to continue to lower Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions. Our new ambitious target is to drop our GHG intensity by 50% compared to our 2019 baseline, by 2030. This target will be tied to compensation for all Ovintiv employees starting in 2022. ADVANCED PORTFOLIO RENEWAL We believe it is good business to continuously extend our ability to generate superior returns. In 2021, we made significant progress extending the premium resource life across our portfolio. Our inorganic bolt-on strategy added 80 net locations last year at a modest cost of only $11 million. Our organic inventory renewal program saw us assess over 500 potential premium well locations and generated strong reserve replacement. We replaced 269% of annual production with the addition of new proved reserves, excluding acquisitions and divestitures. The successes achieved in 2021 have positioned us well for 2022 and our priorities are clear: • Realize our 9th safest year ever • Drive efficiency into every aspect of our business • Continue to generate significant free cash flow to maximize direct returns to shareholders and reduce net debt to $3 billion in the second half of 2022 • Make disciplined capital investments of approximately $1.5 billion to maintain oil and condensate production of 180 to 190 Mbbls/d • Make tangible progress on our goal to reduce Scope 1 & 2 GHG intensity by 50% by 2030 Ovintiv has a unique combination of multi-basin, multi-product optionality and a talented team that is highly motivated to create value through innovation. Our approach delivers returns for our shareholders and the responsible, reliable and affordable energy that fuels the world. We appreciate your continued support and investment in Ovintiv. 

Sincerely, 

Brendan McCracken 

President & Chief Executive Officer
