To Our Shareholders 2020 was an unprecedented year for everyone. The pandemic uprooted our sense of normalcy, and every day we found ourselves continuously adapting to ever-changing circumstances. As COVID-19 spread, PCA employees found themselves in the role of essential workers performing an essential function — helping to keep America’s supply chain uninterrupted while also taking care of themselves, their co-workers, their families and their communities in large ways and small. At PCA, relationships are central to everything we do and are based on a strong foundation of shared values and principles. One thing the pandemic did not impact is our determination to continue to live our philosophy: People • Customers • Trust It is this philosophy that has helped us build a nimble, resilient and financially stable organization that remains focused on delivering on our promises to our employees, our customers and our communities while also providing value to our shareholders. Our success in this challenging year speaks to how PCA and its employees have always operated. All across our network, our people have continued to support the communities in which we live and work, and we have stepped up to do the “hard to do.” In spite of the obstacles we had to overcome, our employees ensured that our customers received the corrugated packaging they needed to transport their products to market and the paper products they needed to stay operational. Our teams ran their operations safely and cost-effectively, and they did an outstanding job following processes and protocols that we put in place to help protect them and their families. What makes this even more remarkable is that we were able to adapt to these new work requirements while facing an unparalleled surge in demand in our packaging business. The leadership team at PCA takes seriously our responsibility to protect the organization that our employees have worked so hard to create and to position the company to stand the test of time. To do so, it is important that we maintain the financial flexibility that enables us to make timely strategic investments in our business to address our customers’ needs. The corrugated box has emerged as a sustainable packaging solution that’s helping retailers keep pace with soaring online sales. With the significant surge in packaging demand, the time was right for us to add flexibility at our Jackson mill to produce both white paper and containerboard. This enhanced capability ensures that we will continue to have quality materials to meet the demands of customers who have trusted us with their paper and packaging needs. In addition, we have continued to make significant capital investments in our box plants as well as our containerboard and paper mill systems. Consistent and prudent decision-making has given us the financial resources to face the unknown and continue to stay responsive as our marketplace evolves. Across the organization we have the right people in the right roles who are empowered to make effective decisions to meet the expectations of our customers. I am incredibly proud of the results that we have been able to deliver to all of our stakeholders and of the strong partnerships we have with our customers and suppliers. PCA is well positioned for the future, and we will continue to embrace our responsibilities to our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders

Mark W. Kowlzan 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
