As we reflect on our record performance in fiscal year 2021, Parker’s ongoing transformation is unmistakable. The actions we are taking as a global team to strengthen our company are generating remarkable results. With the Win Strategy 3.0 as our guide, we have continued to focus on living up to our purpose, being great generators and deployers of cash and achieving top quartile performance compared with diversified industrial peer companies. This was never more evident than in fiscal year 2021, when despite extraordinary challenges due to the global COVID-19 pandemic, we achieved record financial performance and continued to deliver strong returns for shareholders. These results clearly demonstrate the resiliency of Parker’s business and the benefits of our strengthened technology portfolio. We are in an excellent position to accelerate this progress and continue to improve upon our high level of performance.

Despite strong economic headwinds brought on by the pandemic, fiscal year 2021 was our best year ever for sales, net income, earnings per share, segment operating margins and cash flow from operations. We have achieved our fiscal year 2023 targets two years early for adjusted segment operating margin, adjusted EBITDA margin, free cash flow conversion and adjusted EPS growth. This rapid pace of achievement demonstrates our commitment to continuous improvement across our operations and our proficiency in deploying cash to stimulate profitable growth and create shareholder value. In fiscal year 2021: • Total net sales were a record at $14.35 billion, an increase of 5% compared with $13.70 billion in fiscal year 2020. • Total segment operating margin reached 18.4% as reported, or 21.1% adjusted, a 220-basis point improvement from fiscal year 2020. • EBITDA margin was 21.6% as reported, and 21.3% on an adjusted basis, a 200-basis point improvement in adjusted EBITDA margin compared with fiscal year 2020. • Net income was a record at $1.75 billion, an increase of 45% compared with $1.20 billion in fiscal year 2020. • Earnings per share increased 44% to a record $13.35. Adjusted earnings per share were $15.04, a 21% increase compared with $12.44 in fiscal year 2020. • Cash flow from operating activities (CFOA) was a record at $2.58 billion, or 17.9% of sales, compared with $2.07 billion, or 15.1% of sales in fiscal year 2020. This is the 20th consecutive fiscal year Parker has generated cash flow from operations, before discretionary pension contributions, greater than 10% of sales. The improving macroeconomic outlook, along with our focus on top quartile financial performance, creates a compelling inflection point which we see as taking Parker’s growth and profitability to new heights. FOCUSED ON THE FUTURE In the last several years, we have experienced two industrial recessions and a global pandemic. Yet, the focus of our team on the Win Strategy 3.0 has enabled even higher levels of performance and has placed Parker in a position to build on our momentum in the years ahead. CAPITAL DEPLOYMENT Parker continues to generate and deploy cash efficiently to fuel growth and create strong returns for shareholders. In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, we raised our quarterly dividend per share by 17% over the previous quarterly dividend, which results in an annual payout increase of 4.7% and marks 65 consecutive fiscal years of increasing the annual dividend per share paid. This use of cash is aligned with our goal of maintaining a five-year average dividend payout in the range of 30-35% of net income. We have continued to put our solid balance sheet and cash flow to work. With a strong free cash flow conversion at 135% and CFOA at 17.9% of sales in fiscal year 2021, we have made debt repayments totaling $3.4 billion over the last 20 months. We have now retired all serviceable debt issued to acquire LORD Corporation and Exotic Metals Forming Company bringing the multiple of gross debt to EBITDA to 2.1x, down from 3.6x just one year ago. This debt reduction puts us in a position to effectively deploy capital for a stronger future. In August 2021, we reached an agreement on the terms of a recommended cash acquisition of the entire issued and to be issued ordinary share capital of Meggitt PLC, a global leader in aerospace and defense motion and control technologies, with annual revenue of approximately $2.3 billion* in calendar year 2020. While the acquisition remains subject to the satisfaction of several conditions set out in the announcement, it reflects an exciting opportunity to better serve customers of both companies through innovation, accelerated R&D and complementary technology portfolios. DIGITAL LEADERSHIP AND ADVANCED MANUFACTURING The rapid adoption of digital and information technologies continues to reshape how business is conducted. We remain focused on enhancing customerfacing digital solutions, and ongoing initiatives related to cyber security, data analytics and digital collaboration. We also continue to invest in advancing the use of robotics, additive manufacturing and artificial intelligence (AI). To accelerate the use of AI we have implemented a data analytics center of excellence with embedded functional data scientists focused on AI and robotic process automation throughout the company. GLOBAL DISTRIBUTION We have a deliberate strategy to grow our global distribution network, which is a key differentiator among our competitors. As a result of this strategy, we have increased our percentage of sales through international distribution at a rate of approximately 100 basis points per year. These actions will further enhance Parker’s margin performance and drive profitable growth. In addition, we established a digital distribution advisory committee to accelerate digital leadership at Parker and with our distributors. A BETTER TOMORROW Parker’s commitment to responsible operations is deeply ingrained within the Win Strategy 3.0 and illustrates how we are living our purpose. We have made great progress on ESG leadership and we recognize the need to do even more. HELPING THE WORLD ACHIEVE CARBON NEUTRALITY Our interconnected motion and control technologies help customers across industrial, mobile and aerospace markets to reduce resource consumption and greenhouse gas emissions. Approximately two-thirds of our global portfolio are solutions that enable electrification, lightweighting, the adoption of cleaner and more efficient energy sources such as batteries, fuel cells and hydrogen, and other innovations with a positive, global environmental impact. Breakthroughs that make the world cleaner, smarter and safer would not be possible without Parker technologies and create substantial growth opportunities for our business. Regarding our own environmental stewardship, since 2010, we have reduced our energy intensity (MWh/USD) by 42% and greenhouse gas intensity (MT/USD) by 50%. With this solid foundation to build on, this year we announced our commitment to achieve carbon neutral operations by 2040, and established a series of emissions targets to ensure continued progress. These include reducing absolute emissions directly from the company’s operations by 50% by 2030, and reducing indirect absolute emissions related to materials sourcing, logistics and services by 15% by 2030, and 25% by 2040. These ambitious new targets reflect our efforts to protect the environment for generations to come. Hydrogen Council This year Parker joined the Hydrogen Council, a global CEO-led initiative of companies working to accelerate the clean energy transition. SAFETY Safety is our highest priority and a core value that all team members share. In 2021, the total number of recordable incidents was reduced by 29% and the rate per 100 team members was 0.40, ranking within the top quartile among our industry peers. Nearly all of our manufacturing locations have chartered Safety High Performance Teams (HPTs), which are fundamental to our success in driving safety performance, and approximately 90% of our team members participate in at least one HPT. The principles we have adopted to drive safety improvements are being applied to improve quality, cost, delivery and engagement of our people. DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION Throughout our history, we have been committed to building a welcoming and inclusive workplace that respects every team member’s unique perspective. We have established four global HPTs to help advance diversity and inclusion, focused on talent attraction, talent development, governance and knowledge. Each is led by a senior executive and tasked with rethinking the way we attract and develop diverse team members, share knowledge and measure our progress. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We are committed to Board diversity and inclusion, ensuring the skills and experiences of our Directors align with our culture and values, support our long-term strategy and drive shareholder value creation. Three new Directors were added in fiscal year 2021, increasing both the racial and gender diversity on our Board. Today, women make up 31% of the Board and 62% of our Directors are diverse based on gender (4), race (2) or ethnicity (2). The average tenure of our Directors is currently 7.7 years. Parker takes a strategic approach to succession planning, and we recently announced a series of leadership changes that allow our executives to build the experiences and skills necessary to continue the transformation of our company. As Lee Banks takes on a new role as Vice Chairman and President, Jenny Parmentier has been elected Chief Operating Officer. Formerly the President of our Motion Systems Group and Engineered Materials Group, along with various other operational roles, she has a proven record of success across Parker and we are pleased to be working closely with her as a key member of the Office of the Chief Executive. Our team members are the driving force behind Parker’s outstanding fiscal year 2021 results. We thank them for their engagement and dedication to supporting one another, our customers and our communities. They are what makes Parker a truly special company. With the unique culture we have created, and our purpose guiding our path forward, there is no challenge too great for us to overcome and no limit to what we can achieve together. Sincerely,

Thomas L. Williams 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
