Dear Shareholders, Shortly after joining PG&E Corporation as the company’s new CEO, I shared a favorite song with my 23,000 coworkers. It’s one of those “oldie but goodie” classics — a single released in 1970 by the Five Stairsteps. Like so many popular tunes, the lyrics don’t scan on paper as well as they pair with music. But when times are tough, their upbeat message never fails to help me get through: Oooh, …child Things are gonna get easier Oooh, …child Things are gonna get brighter We all know that PG&E has been through its own tough times over the past few years. Bankruptcy. Wildfires. Season after season of extreme weather events. And like everyone, the COVID-19 pandemic. But things will get better. And we at PG&E are going to be part of making the future brighter for everyone who relies on PG&E, as measured by our “Triple Bottom Line” of people, planet, and prosperity. People, because providing safe and affordable energy to those we are privileged to serve is the reason we exist. Planet, because doing so in a way that does no harm to the environment that sustains us is our solemn responsibility. Prosperity, because the special business charter we enjoy comes with a social duty to help our economy grow and thrive. Already, we are delivering results across all three. In the people category, we are assembling a diverse new team of senior leaders skilled in the kind of organizational design, standards, and processes that will enable us to deliver a “hometown service” experience for our customers and communities — one tailored to the specific local needs within our distinctive geographic regions. For the planet, we are meeting California’s clean energy and climate goals, while continuing to look aggressively for new ways to reduce our carbon footprint. And in support of prosperity, we successfully executed the sale of our transmission tower wireless licenses, yielding $973 million in initial proceeds — roughly half of which we intend to return to customers in the form of lower rates — and significantly reducing our 2021 equity needs. The Triple Bottom Line will continue to guide our decision-making in the months and years ahead, underpinned by a relentless focus on performance. Only by keeping our promises and doing what we say we will do can we earn back trust and become the enterprise that all of our stakeholders deserve. Unlike the Five Stairsteps, I don’t know how to create an inspirational song. But I do have a passion for creating the playbook for a great energy business, and that’s what we’ll be writing here at PG&E — for our customers, our coworkers, and our investors. Sincerely,

Patricia K. Poppe 

CEO
