In his book The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People®, Stephen Covey wrote about the importance of “beginning with the end in mind.” For PulteGroup, during the past decade, that end has been to deliver industry-leading returns on equity (ROE). Looking back to 2011, the year before we established this as a strategic objective, our ROE was negative 10%. It goes without saying that we recognized the boldness of targeting industry-leading returns at that time, but we also understood that returns ultimately drive long-term shareholder value. We also recognized that shifting our focus to returns would require meaningful change to our business performance and the future trajectory of the Company. As such, to generate improvements throughout our operations, we launched a series of important changes including our land acquisition criteria, our approach to land development, our home construction processes, and our sales and related pricing practices that, in turn, would benefit our income statement, balance sheet and cash flows. These changes were all part of the Value Creation strategy that we implemented at that time. Flash forward to today, and we are indeed one of the industry leaders, having delivered an ROE of 28% for 2021. This is an increase of 420 basis points over 2020, and light-years beyond where we started ten years ago. As expected, and as can be seen in our operating and financial results, PulteGroup’s higher returns are indeed being driven by gains in all key operating metrics of the business. Despite the ongoing challenges created by the pandemic in 2021, we generated a 26% increase in home sale revenues to $13.4 billion, making 2021 one of the highest revenue years in the history of PulteGroup. Our significantly higher revenues were driven by a 17% increase in closings to 28,894 homes, in combination with an 8% increase in average sales price to $463,000. The increase in average sales price reflects gains in pricing across all buyer groups: first time, move up and active adult. It is important to highlight that our outstanding returns continue to be driven by both top line growth and operating gains that allowed more of every dollar to drop to our bottom line. Benefiting from the strong demand and pricing environment, we increased our home sale gross margin by 210 basis points to 26.4%. By effectively leveraging our overheads, we were able to expand our operating margin (gross margin less SG&A) by an even greater 260 basis points to 17.4%. For the year, I am extremely pleased to report that PulteGroup generated a 38% increase in net income to $1.9 billion and delivered a 43% increase in diluted earnings to $7.43 per share. Our earnings per share gains for 2021 were enhanced by our ongoing and active share repurchase program. In 2021, we repurchased 17.7 million shares, or approximately 6% of our common shares outstanding. The return of funds to our shareholders is part of our stated capital allocation priorities, which are to invest in the business, pay our dividend, repurchase shares and operate with a modest leverage profile. Consistent with our first priority, in 2021 we invested $4.2 billion into our business through the acquisition and development of critical land resources. The increase in investment of almost 50% over 2020 allowed us to end the year with 228,296 lots under control, of which 52% were held via option. Along with increasing our land investment in 2021, we raised our dividend payout per share by 17% as we distributed $148 million in dividends. In combination with our $897 million of share repurchases, we returned over $1.0 billion to our shareholders. Having sufficient capital to fund all of our priorities, in early 2021 we retired $726 million of bonds which helped to lower our year end debt-to-capital ratio to a historic low of 21.3%. The operational gains that are helping to drive our superior ROE are also supporting the cash flows needed to fund our critical business needs. In 2021, our cash flow from operations was $1.0 billion, bringing our five-year total to $6.0 billion. Homebuilding is a capital-intensive business, so generating positive cash flow while growing our operations clearly demonstrates the benefits from the important changes we have made in PulteGroup’s business model. Along with realizing ongoing gains in our core homebuilding operations, we are pursuing other key initiatives that we believe can help grow our business and drive important competitive advantages going forward. First, we are expanding our operating footprint into new markets. This includes entering new geographies such as Denver, CO, as well as moving into cities adjacent to existing operations such as this year’s expansion into Greenville and Columbia, SC, the Triad area outside of Raleigh, NC, and the Space Coast area of Florida. Such expansion into nearby areas allows us to capitalize on our knowledge of the local market and existing trade relationships, along with capturing additional overhead leverage. Second, we continue to advance exciting programs focused on integrating new technologies into the sale and construction of our homes. On the sales side, in 2021 we piloted our innovative Transact Home Online (THO), a revolutionary homebuying process that is entirely online. Initially targeting our first-time homebuyers, we believe THO to be the first of its kind sales process in the homebuilding space where homebuyers can complete the selection, configuration and purchase of their home entirely through our integrated online system. After its successful pilot this past year, we expect to roll out THO into many more communities in 2022. On the construction side, we are making steady progress in expanding our off-site manufacturing capabilities through which we can more efficiently build higher quality homes, while addressing the structural labor shortages within the construction industry. Having made our initial investment in off-site production in January. 2020 through the acquisition of Innovative Construction Group (ICG) in Jacksonville, FL, we have established a second plant in Florence, SC, and have additional plants in the planning and assessment phase. These plants allow for the automated production of wall panels, roof trusses and floor decks with better precision and significantly less waste. I encourage you to visit our corporate website to view videos on ICG’s manufacturing process. Third, we have been actively evaluating strategies for entering the single-family rental (SFR) market. In considering an entry into the SFR market, we were looking for a way to generate high returns within a structure that aligned with our existing homebuilding model. I am excited to say that we developed an approach that checks the requisite boxes through a strategic relationship with Invitation Homes (NYSE: INVH), the nation’s premier single-family home leasing company. Under this program, we expect to design and build approximately 7,500 new homes over a five-year period for sale to Invitation Homes. At year end, we had already reached agreements on the construction and sale of over 1,400 homes that will begin delivering in 2023. And finally, we continue to invest significant time and resources in our company’s environmental, social and governance (ESG) programs that I believe are making a difference in how we operate and, more importantly, how we are positively impacting the markets we serve. To provide greater transparency on our ESG programs, in 2021 we launched our Pulte Cares website where interested parties can find details about our policies and programs in such areas as our corporate values, sustainability, and diversity and inclusion. Within the website you can find our reporting under the applicable Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) guidelines and our EEO-1 workforce demographic metrics. Our ESG practices and associated reporting structures are in the early part of what will be a sustained journey and we are actively working to bolster our efforts. We are already working to expand our data collection and reporting capabilities and will continue to post updated metrics to the site later this year. Providing relevant data to the public is important, but I believe that to achieve meaningful and sustained gains requires our entire organization to embrace change and more fully integrate new ways of thinking into our day-to-day decision making. Such a cultural change takes time, but our Board of Directors and entire leadership team are committed to the effort because it’s the right thing to do for our business and for the world we live in. Each of these initiatives is large and requires multiple years of development before they can have a meaningful impact on PulteGroup’s operating and financial results. Still, we believe that over time their success can support the ongoing expansion of our operations, further differentiate PulteGroup from its competitors, and help build a more sustainable business platform. Demand vs. Supply Housing demand over the past 24 months has been strong across all the markets and buyer groups we serve. There are a number of factors that we believe have helped to support the fundamental strength of housing demand. First and foremost is the powerful demographic wave of more than 70 million millennials who, like generations before them, appreciate the lifestyle and financial benefits of owning a home. In addition to demographics, housing has benefitted from government stimulus programs initiated early in the pandemic, an expanding economy, tremendous job growth, and rising wages which have all combined to drive improving financial conditions for much of this country’s population. I would also note that the pandemic itself has created increased interest in single-family living, while the change to working remotely, full or part time, has allowed homebuyers to greatly expand the geography in which they can search for a new home into more affordable areas. Homebuyer demand has been growing at an accelerating rate over the past several years, but the supply of new and existing homes has been unable to keep up. 2021 was the first time in almost 15 years that housing starts (single and multifamily) reached 1.5 million, which is the estimated level of need in this country given current population, population growth and new household formations. While housing starts have improved on paper, the construction of new homes is being slowed by pandemic related disruptions impacting everything from land entitlement and development to material and labor availability. As one of the nation’s largest homebuilders, we have better access to building materials and trades than most, and I know our suppliers and trade partners are working hard to provide needed resources. That said, many critical products are under allocation, must be ordered months in advance, or are simply not available on a timeline that can meet the needs of our customers. In response to these challenges, we continue to implement actions to help ensure we can complete high-quality homes and grow our deliveries until supply chain issues are resolved. These actions include increasing starts, ordering earlier, narrowing option packages, and even warehousing inventory of critical building products. These efforts are time consuming, and we lose some production efficiencies, but, for the foreseeable future, they are required to get homes built. In closing, I would say that the past two years provide a stark reminder that the future is uncertain, so be prepared. We enter 2022 with a clearly defined business plan and expectations of delivering another year of strong profitability and superior returns. At the same time, we continue to adhere to our disciplined land investment and capital allocation processes while maintaining an outstanding and highly supportive capital structure. Given the strength of our market position and business momentum, I look forward to the year ahead. 

Sincerely,

Ryan Marshall 

President and CEO
