As I write my first Letter to Stockholders, I would like to share what an honor it is to lead this great company as we drive towards an accelerated recovery from the COVID-19 crisis, and at the same time start to build our next growth chapter to win with the consumer in the “new normal.” I would also like to thank Manny Chirico and the Board of Directors for their confidence and trust in me, as well as for the very strong partnership we have formed since I joined PVH almost two years ago. What initially excited me about PVH are our inherent strengths: We have two of the most iconic brands in the industry with a very large and strong consumer base; a truly global presence with a rapidly growing digital and multi-channel distribution; global platform capabilities in finance, supply chain, technology, corporate responsibility and human resources, and, most importantly, very talented teams behind all of them. Before the onset of the pandemic, I was fortunate to spend time traveling and visiting many of our teams and partners around the world. I saw firsthand many of the underlying strengths that we are now focusing on, and connecting closer to where the consumer is going than any time before, in an effort to drive sustainable profitable growth. Our focus is on winning with the consumer, driving brand relevance, profitably taking market share, building further strength in our platform capabilities and, over time, to do that more efficiently. To accomplish this, we will work with a strong consumer focus, become even more demand and data driven, and work in a systematic repeatable way where we will continuously learn and improve. Finally, I am incredibly inspired by and will continue the important work to live our strong corporate values, including our unwavering commitment to empower people, and help drive the fashion industry forward in sustainability and making a real and lasting positive impact within inclusion and diversity. 2020 – YEAR IN REVIEW 2020 will be remembered as one of the most challenging moments in history from a geopolitical, economic and public health perspective due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our teams not only came together to successfully navigate the crisis, we also positioned PVH to emerge stronger. First, we prioritized the health and well-being of our associates, consumers, business partners and the communities where we operate. We then took immediate actions to address the changes in our business needs, leveraging the power of our globally diversified business model. Overall, our 2020 revenues declined 28% to $7.1 billion. We supercharged our digital business, which led to our strongest-ever digital sales growth in 2020 of over 40%, including nearly 70% growth on our own sites, while driving a significant improvement in the channel profitability. We also focused on rightsizing our cost base and tightly managed our discretionary spend to protect us against the impact on profitability resulting from store closures and sales pressure around the world. Another top priority was maintaining the strength and flexibility of our balance sheet. We prudently managed inventories to generate and protect our financial flexibility, and we pro-actively raised capital. Despite the resurgence of infections and a new round of lockdowns during the all-important holiday sales period; 2020 inventory levels were down 12% vs. 2019. We ended the year with over $3 billion in liquidity, including $1.7 billion cash on hand. In March 2021, we repaid $400 million of debt to reduce our overall higher debt levels as a result of debt incurred in 2020 to bolster our finances during the outset of the pandemic. We also initiated measures to drive an accelerated recovery, which remains the current focus throughout our brands and businesses. As important as managing our business through 2020, it was critical for us to continue to make progress towards our Forward Fashion targets. We created and endorsed the International Labour Organization’s (ILO) Call to Action to protect garment workers during the pandemic, sourced personal protective equipment and donated basic apparel for front line healthcare workers and more than $2 million toward COVID-19 relief efforts. In addition, our sustainability and circularity efforts saw great progress, especially around 3D design adoption, the increased use of sustainable materials (i.e., packaging and fabric) and continued focus on Greenhouse Gas emissions reductions. We also made very important progress around our inclusion and diversity efforts, hiring our first Chief Diversity Officer and formalizing our inclusion and diversity commitments. We published a white paper in partnership with The Council of Fashion Designers of America (CFDA) titled The State of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion in Fashion to give our industry a proper data set and outline a path to continue this important journey. We see great opportunities in 2021 to make a positive difference each and every day. DRIVING THE OPPORTUNIT Y FROM OUR INTERNATIONAL BUSINESSES Our international business performance continued to outperform our peers’ as we emerged from the initial global lockdowns, demonstrating the strong brand health and underlying momentum behind Calvin Klein and TOMMY HILFIGER. •Our Asia business was very strong, led by our performance in China. China emerged first and built upon 2019 performance, with revenue through digital channels growing over 55%, driven by a clear focus on execution and capturing efficiencies across the business. Accelerating our digital agenda was a top priority, as we leveraged new selling tools, such as celebrity and influencer-backed livestreams and enhancing our omni-channel capabilities, especially through our online partnerships. We offered an improved product offering and engaging brand experiences, tailored for the local consumer, including the Calvin Klein 360 Lunar New Year campaign and the launch of Tommy Hilfiger’s first-ever Asia fit denim collection, utilizing local marketing activations and models. We invested in raising Calvin Klein’s and TOMMY HILFIGER’s brand awareness, which remains our largest long-term market opportunity as we expand our category offerings to represent the complete brand lifestyle collections and capitalize on distribution opportunities. •In Europe, our strong brands, product offerings and channel execution drove high consumer and retailer demand and clear market share gains for our TOMMY HILFIGER and Calvin Klein collections, with revenues declining 14% in 2020, despite the return of lockdowns during the holiday season. We chased goods in select categories to satisfy consumer demand, while maintaining strong margins. Our well-developed and scalable digital distribution network continues to be a significant competitive advantage, including our ability to leverage our connected store inventory to meet the higher-than-expected demand through our digital businesses. Looking ahead, we continue to see sizeable potential to grow outside of our core European markets of Germany, the U.K. and Spain, and further capitalize on underpenetrated product category opportunities, particularly for Calvin Klein. •Our North America business remained under the most pressure in 2020, with revenues down 43% as the near total loss of international tourism to the U.S. (approximately 40% of 2019 company store sales) represented the biggest headwind. We took critical measures to engage more effectively with the domestic consumer, while reducing our inventory commitments and clearing goods to end 2020 in a clean position. We also prioritized strengthening our product focus for future seasons to best cater to our consumer’s needs, further leaning into our digital businesses (owned and third-party), while streamlining our brick-and-mortar footprint and driving cost efficiencies through workforce reductions and exiting certain underperforming businesses. We appointed Trish Donnelly, CEO, PVH Americas to address opportunities in our North America business and how best to manage the region’s growth path moving forward. REFOCUSING ON OUR BRANDS TO DELIVER OUR NEXT CHAPTER OF GROWTH We continue to take critical steps to enhance our brand positioning, products and experiences with a laser-focused vision to win with the consumer. •Our Calvin Klein global brand health remained strong at over 85% aided brand awareness with strong growth across our social channels. We strengthened our global leadership team, announcing key hires across design, merchandising and marketing, which will enable the execution in product and marketing of the evolved brand vision. We leaned into casual and comfort products that are increasingly relevant with consumers today by growing market share in categories such as underwear, loungewear and denim. Our marketing campaigns continued to drive brand heat, create highly engaged conversations and introduce new key essentials. We brought campaigns to life through innovative virtual brand experiences to engage new and younger consumers, with a strategic focus on Europe and China. From our March 2020 Virtual Exhibit for CK One on Tmall, which delivered strong demand (+21% vs. last year) to strong sell-through rates in our program with Zalando in five key markets generating outsized demand and strong EBIT contribution to our global collaboration with Kith on a Calvin Klein Underwear capsule, approximately 75% of which sold out in four days. •Our TOMMY HILFIGER global brand equity strengthened in 2020 to 78% global aided awareness, up 6%, as the brand celebrated its 35th anniversary. The milestone was marked with global editorial coverage and a brand activation on Tmall, which included a livestream session during which 1,200 hoodies were sold in two minutes. We announced key senior leadership appointments to connect further the brand experience to what consumers desire today. We drove product and digital innovation through immersive virtual shopping experiences and exclusive collaborations. Livestream shopping events generated strong sell-throughs in key categories. Our new collaboration platform, Tommy’s Drop Shop, continues to release limited-edition styles in partnership with pop-culture, generating engagement and attracting new consumers. Tommy.com piloted a more personalized experience and virtual reality environments. TOMMY HILFIGER continues to evolve and advance its Forward Fashion agenda to build towards a more circular and inclusive fashion industry, launching its sustainability program Make it Possible. •Our Heritage Brands business experienced the most significant pressure and was impacted in large part by softness in dress furnishings categories. We took definitive actions to refocus the business by selling our Speedo North America business in April 2020 and initiating the planned mid-2021 closure of our Heritage Brands retail business. We continue to streamline our brands and category focus, manage inventory levels and review additional ways to optimize the business and lower our cost base. OUR CURRENT FOCUS – DRIVING AN ACCELERATED RECOVERY Recognizing that the pandemic catalyzed shifts in consumer behavior, our primary focus is to position PVH as a more consumer- and digitally-minded organization, driving deeper connections with our consumers. Our leadership has proactively pivoted the business, driving an accelerated recovery with a focus on three strategic areas: •Prioritizing our distribution channel strategy to grow our digital penetration through our own websites and third party digital partners. – In 2020, we drove over 40% digital growth, including nearly 70% growth on our own sites, while demonstrating a significant increase in channel profitability. – We enhanced the user experience, including navigation, assortments and offering more flexible payment options to better meet the needs of our consumers. – We improved in-stock levels online to satisfy strong demand by optimizing inventories through expanded connected retail capabilities (i.e., Zalando) and leveraging our in-store and warehouse inventories to fulfill online orders. – We deepened our already-strong partnership with pure play digital commerce retailers, such as Tmall, Zalando and Amazon, including the addition of new live virtual events to capitalize on key selling periods. – With strong new user growth, our most significant opportunity ahead is to drive continued conversion and interactivity, leveraging our data capabilities to further engage and personalize the shopping experience. •Improving our focus on driving product relevance across our brands and regions. – We have taken proactive measures to tighten and refocus assortments to get even closer to the consumer, as well as rationalizing unproductive styles to improve overall sell-through rates. – Our journey to optimize and refocus our product development processes and lean further into our hero products like Calvin Klein Modern Cotton is a priority. Our efforts to date are driving initial results, generating higher average unit retail prices in many of our key products. – As we seek to connect deeper with new and younger consumers through innovation and differentiation across our brands, we are bringing to life new capsule collections and partnerships, together with a greater sustainable product offering. – We have a meaningful opportunity to further advance our supply chain capabilities and react swiftly as consumers’ needs change, resulting in faster lead times that will benefit our overall margin structure. •Continue evaluating our cost structure in the context of our evolving revenue base. – We announced in July 2020 the planned exit of our Heritage Brands retail business by mid-2021 and a reduction of our North America office workforce by over 12%, and recently announced a streamlining of our workforce in certain international markets. – We have taken actions to reduce our real estate footprint, including reductions in office space and select store closures around the world. – Additionally, we see a notable opportunity to embrace new ways of working and optimize our processes by scaling our digital and data capabilities and driving decisions faster. – As we realize the benefits from these strategic actions, we believe that we will enhance our overall profitability while allowing for some reinvestment in higher growth areas. As we drive an accelerated recovery in 2021, our capital allocation will be focused on investing in our Calvin Klein and Tommy Hilfiger businesses in the areas that deliver the highest returns while reducing our gross leverage towards pre-pandemic levels. THE POWER OF PVH I am proud of our teams’ work across PVH for rising up and successfully overcoming the challenges encountered while navigating through this unprecedented pandemic. I also feel very good about how we took the opportunity to manage through this environment in a way that has moved us closer to where the consumer is going and, therefore, started to position us well to win in the “new normal” over the coming years. As we continue to leverage the power of PVH, I am confident that together, we will drive brand relevance, cost efficiencies and deliver long term sustainable growth – and do it in a way that drives fashion forward for good. We look forward to sharing our long-term plan for PVH’s next chapter of growth with you later this year. 

Sincerely,

Stefan Larsson

Chief Executive Officer
