My Fellow Stockholders: Quanta is a critical infrastructure solutions provider, and during 2020 we remained steadfast in our commitment to our people, our customers and our mission to build and maintain the infrastructure that powers and connects our world. Despite experiencing more than a year of the global pandemic, at the time of this writing, COVID-19 containment and treatment efforts are ongoing and a continued focus. At the outset of the pandemic, Quanta took proactive measures to protect the health and safety of our employees and continues to do so today. During this challenging time, Quanta relied on its experienced operating leadership and employees and was able to continue to successfully perform and put the company in a strong position going forward. I am proud of our ability to adapt to the difficult operating environment and believe Quanta performed well, delivering another solid and profitable year in 2020, which included numerous accomplishments. Many Accomplishments in 2020 Despite unprecedented operating conditions and uncertainties caused by the pandemic for portions of our business, the strong performance of our Electric Power and Communications operations resulted in record adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA, cash flow and backlog in 2020. This would not have been possible without the outstanding performance of our field leadership and the people of this organization, who continue to be exceptional. Some of our significant accomplishments in 2020 were: • Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions segment achieved record revenues and its best operating margin performance in six years, driven by strong execution across our operations. • Record storm response revenues were achieved by supporting our customers’ efforts to restore power to millions of people adversely impacted by numerous severe weather events during the year. Our ability to quickly mobilize this level of resources to support our customers in times of need – even during a pandemic – is unmatched in our industry. • After an 18-month competitive process, LUMA Energy, LLC (LUMA), our joint venture with ATCO Ltd., was selected for a 15-year operation and maintenance agreement to operate, maintain and modernize the 18,000-mile electric transmission and distribution system in Puerto Rico. LUMA and the current operator are progressing toward transition of system operations later this year, and we continue to believe this opportunity is transformative for Quanta. • We grew our communications services revenues by approximately 40%, meaningfully improved profit margins and ended the year with total backlog for these services of approximately $900 million. • We substantially completed the exit of our Latin American operations, despite the significant challenges posed by the pandemic. • We continued to lead the industry in safety, which we believe starts with training. We continued our incremental investments at Northwest Lineman College, our postsecondary educational institution, and the Quanta Advanced Training Center, and began site preparation for a new line worker training campus in Puerto Rico that will be operated by Northwest Lineman College. The facility is being designed to provide world-class training to LUMA’s employees and develop Puerto Rico’s future craft skilled workforce. • Our industry leading training and recruiting initiatives are driving improved productivity in the field and ensure that we have the very best craft skilled labor. This enhances our ability to collaborate with customers and labor affiliations on future workforce needs, and further differentiates us in the marketplace as a strategic solutions provider. We invested approximately $400 million in the strategic acquisition of seven high-quality companies with great management teams that expand and enhance our ability to provide solutions to our customers, are additive to our base business, and advance our strategic initiatives. These companies add to our self-perform capabilities, which typically account for approximately 85% of our services and are key to providing cost certainty to our customers. We believe our approach to acquisitions and our operating model help to mitigate risk in our work portfolio through improved execution and results in more consistent earnings. • We strengthened our financial position with the closing of our $1 billion, investment grade senior notes offering, which we believe points to the resiliency and sustainability of our business model and positive multi-year outlook. • We demonstrated our commitment to stockholder value and our confidence in Quanta’s financial strength and continued growth opportunities through the acquisition of approximately $250 million of our common stock and through a 25% increase in the per share amount of our dividends paid in 2020. • And finally, the diversity of our services, as well as proactive cost management and execution through the significant uncertainty caused by the pandemic and challenged energy markets, allowed our Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment to perform well given the circumstances. We are optimistic that the most challenging market conditions are behind us and see opportunity for revenue and margin improvement in 2021, and we continue to believe the segment can achieve upper single-digit operating income margins as operating conditions further normalize over time. We believe our strategic position in the marketplace remains strong and that we are well positioned for continued profitable growth over the near and longer term. While we are proud of our achievements last year, we remain focused on getting better and ensuring that Quanta continues to evolve to effectively collaborate with our customers and business partners and capitalize on the opportunities ahead of us. Utilities Focused on Modernization and Reduced Carbon Emissions Severe weather conditions that result in power outages, sometimes for extended periods of time, can significantly impact living conditions and underline how critical infrastructure is to our everyday wellbeing. The solutions Quanta provides support our customers’ efforts to increase reliability, safety, efficiency and connectivity of these systems, which can have a favorable environmental and social impact on the markets they serve. Additionally, our solutions facilitate policies and goals aimed at the adoption of new technologies and transitioning towards a carbon-neutral economy, which we believe provides favorable and sustainable long-term trends for our business. Our utility customers, which accounted for more than 70% of our 2020 revenues, are leaders in the effort to reduce carbon emissions with aggressive system modernization and hardening programs, renewable generation portfolio expansions, and through the implementation of new technologies for current and future needs. A number of utilities have committed to providing 100% of their power by clean energy or achieving net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. Achieving these goals will require substantial incremental investment in transmission, substation and distribution infrastructure to interconnect new renewable generation facilities to the power grid and to ensure grid reliability with the significant increase of intermittent power added to the system. Further, developed economies are expected to increasingly rely on electricity to meet their carbon reduction goals. Vehicle electrification offers a large carbon-reduction opportunity, as does increased electrification for residential and commercial space and water heating, and industrial and agricultural uses. According to certain estimates, increased electrification and electric vehicle adoption in the United States could require 70 to 200 gigawatts of new power generation over the medium-term, the majority of which is expected to be renewables, and incremental transmission investment of $30 billion to $90 billion by 2030. We believe these investment requirements are in addition to the existing significant multi-year investment programs targeting modernization of the power grid and increased reliability of power delivery under current market conditions. Significant Opportunity for our Communications Services The outlook for our communications operations, which is within our Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions segment, remains bright. Revenues for these services grew by approximately 40% in 2020, and we increased their profitability. Continuing this trend, we expect growth of approximately 30% in 2021 and believe we are on a path to achieve double-digit operating income margins. Our communications services support the critically important technology we use every day for work, education, entertainment and connecting with friends and family. The effects of COVID-19 have caused communications providers to increase investment in their fiber networks to ensure adequate speed, capacity and reliability to meet these needs. Additionally, we believe Quanta is well positioned to leverage our electric power and communications solutions capabilities to assist many of our rural and municipal electric customers who are expected to participate in the Rural Digital Opportunity Fund. This fund provides more than $20 billion to bridge the digital divide that exists for millions of people living in rural America, who do not have access to adequate broadband connectivity. Further, we expect 5G deployments to accelerate in 2021, and we remain well positioned to continue to participate in this rollout. Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions – Overcoming Challenges Our Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment experienced meaningful challenges during the year due to the effects of the pandemic, such as operating restrictions in certain metropolitan areas that negatively impacted our gas utility services during a portion of the year and the significant reduction in demand for refined products that materially impacted our industrial services customers throughout the year. As mentioned earlier, we believe these dynamics are improving and will continue to improve as health and economic conditions improve. Going forward, consistent with our strategy over the last five years, we expect to continue to focus on growing our gas utility, pipeline integrity and industrial services businesses due to the expected favorable long-term trends for those services, which are driven by safety, reliability and environmental regulations. Our gas utility services support regulated programs to replace and modernize aging infrastructure, which can be leak-prone and pose potential safety concerns. These services also support customer efforts to reduce methane emissions and position their gas distribution systems to potentially deliver hydrogen to users in the future. Our pipeline integrity services seek to ensure that existing pipelines operate safely and in an environmentally friendly manner. And many of our industrial services support customers’ compliance with regulations aimed at minimizing environmental impacts caused by methane gas release and increased operational efficiency and safety. Well Positioned for Sustainable, Profitable Growth In summary, we generated solid results in 2020 that we believe reflect the resiliency and sustainability of our business, the benefit of our strong financial position, the successful execution of our strategic initiatives, and the excellence of our people. The challenges we faced brought out the best of this organization, and I believe made Quanta stronger. We believe favorable safety, reliability and environmental initiatives and long-term industry trends, such as electrification and technology implementations, will continue to drive growth opportunities for Quanta for the foreseeable future. Quanta is actively engaged in collaborative conversations with many of our customers about how we can provide solutions throughout our customers’ value chain to meet their strategic infrastructure investment goals in support of their multi-year, multi-billion-dollar programs extending as far as ten years. Overall, our end markets and multi-year visibility are solid, and we have built a strong platform that positions us well to capitalize on favorable long-term trends, particularly the transition toward a carbon-neutral economy and the adoption of new technologies. Considering our organic growth opportunities and the levers available to us to allocate future cash flow generation into valuecreating opportunities, such as stock repurchases, acquisitions, strategic investments and dividends, we believe Quanta will continue to generate meaningful stockholder value going forward. Quanta is a portfolio of exceptional businesses with geographic and service line diversity. We are anchored by our commitment to craft skill labor and our self-perform capabilities. We are focused on operating the business for the long term and expect to continue to distinguish ourselves through safe execution and best-in-class field leadership. We will pursue opportunities to enhance Quanta’s base business and leadership position in the industry and provide innovative solutions to our customers. We believe Quanta’s diversity, unique operating model and entrepreneurial mindset form the foundation that will allow us to continue to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. In closing, I would like to thank you, our stockholders, for your continued support and confidence in Quanta. As always, we extend our thanks to our employees for their dedication, hard work and commitment to Quanta and our industry. We are excited to move forward with you, in prosperity and safety.

Earl C. “Duke” Austin, Jr. 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Operating Officer
