DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS, 2020 will be remembered as a year of remarkable disruption and hardship due to the severe impact of the COVID-19 virus. The societal and economic repercussions have been devastating and our thoughts are with everyone who has been impacted by this unrelenting virus. While the global pandemic has challenged traditional business models, altered global supply chains and required an aggressive business response, for RRD it has not changed who we are, what we stand for, or our future aspirations. Throughout our 156 year history, RRD employees have consistently stepped up to overcome challenges and the current RRD team is no different. I believe we are a stronger company today because of the actions we took in response to this global crisis. When the pandemic emerged, we executed with a strong sense of urgency to guide RRD through a rapidly changing business environment. We implemented our COVID-19 operating plan focused on three areas - protecting the health and safety of our employees, maintaining operational continuity for our clients, and prudently managing our business performance. Our global RRD team delivered solid results in each of these focus areas. Our sales, service, and production teams around the world worked tirelessly to serve our clients, keep our operations running, and deliver strong financial results. I am especially appreciative that despite all of the challenges we faced throughout the year, we delivered our best year of safety performance on record. During this pandemic year, our stability and success were not at the cost of our values. To the contrary, our deep culture of integrity and focus on employee welfare and customer success distinguished us, as it has since our founding. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS(1) For the second consecutive year, we delivered full-year growth in adjusted income from operations and improved our operating margins despite a 12.9% decline in net sales primarily driven by the pandemic. The breadth of our product portfolio served us well as we continued to win new clients while expanding existing client positions, and we accelerated our structural cost-reduction and productivity initiatives to quickly adjust to changing market demand. Additionally, our operating cash flow improved versus the prior year and we further reduced debt outstanding, extended upcoming maturities, and expanded our liquidity. Total debt was down over $315 million from 2019 and our cumulative reduction since the end of 2016 now totals nearly $900 million. As a result, our gross leverage of 3.7x and net leverage of 3.0x are at their lowest levels since the spin occurred in October 2016. Our strong 2020 results are directly attributable to the talented, dedicated, and resilient people at RRD who, each and every day, are fulfilling our mission to help our clients better connect with their customers through the power of words an d image. OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES While we remain deeply immersed in executing our near-term COVID-19 operating plan, our commitment to advancing our longterm strategy remains unchanged. Our strategic priorities — to strengthen our core, drive revenue performance, and improve our financial flexibility, are deeply embedded in our culture and are serving us well as we navigate this crisis. Together, our strategic priorities are leading RRD to a future state in which we have fundamentally reshaped our portfolio, shifted our business mix, reduced our total cost structure and become an even more agile marketing and business communications company. The following represents key accomplishments for each of our priorities: • STRENGTHEN OUR CORE: The success of our long-term growth strategy begins with maximizing our core business performance. Throughout 2020, we effectively executed our productivity initiatives, right-sized our operational footprint, delivered SG&A reductions, and divested of non-core businesses. The productivity and cost take-out actions we completed were essential to protecting profitability while adjusting to market volatility. We set aggressive cost-reduction targets for each of our businesses, service and support areas early in the year and accelerated those actions once the pandemic started to impact our business. Our quick actions enabled us to grow adjusted income from operations and improve our operating margins in the face of unprecedented sales headwinds. As we continue to rationalize our operating footprint and improve operating leverage, we are working in close partnership with our clients to assess their evolving needs and future buying behaviors so that we can make these critical decisions with an eye toward the future. • DRIVE REVENUE PERFORMANCE: The pandemic is reshaping traditional business models and, in turn, our clients’ marketing and business communications strategies are rapidly evolving. Our global sales teams are leveraging our market-leading portfolio of capabilities to provide innovative solutions to help our clients better connect with their customers. We also continue to focus on creating new revenue opportunities by enhancing our capabilities through innovation. In 2020, we expanded our technology solutions portfolio by developing two new offerings. ConnectOne by RRD is an end-to-end communications management platform developed to streamline marketing and creative workflows through a single unified portal. Touchless World by RRD provides a comprehensive set of solutions that utilize the power of dynamic, scannable smart tags. Looking ahead, we plan to further expand our portfolio through innovative solutions that enable our clients to simplify complexity and enhance the effectiveness of their customer communications. • IMPROVE FINANCIAL FLEXIBILITY: Through a combination of strong operating cash flow, the sale of our logistics businesses and idled facilities, and the prudent management of our legacy benefit programs, we concluded the year with our lowest level of outstanding debt and gross and net leverage since the spin in 2016. I am very pleased with the tremendous effort and progress we made in 2020 to further improve our balance sheet and expand our liquidity. While significant uncertainty isn’t behind us, we are entering the new year as a stronger company. We are confident in our ability to advance RRD as a leading provider of marketing and business communications through the ongoing execution of our strategy. We will continue to tackle the challenges brought upon us by the pandemic with ethics and integrity while continuing to advance our long-term strategy and create value for our stakeholders. 

Dan Knotts 

President and Chief Executive Officer
