Dear Shareholder,

It is an exciting time to be at Republic Services. We had a record year in 2021, which demonstrates both the value our strategic investments are creating and the power that can be harnessed from our differentiated capabilities. We continued to make substantial progress toward our multi-year financial, operational and sustainability goals. We further advanced our aspiration as an employer of choice, being the place where the best people come to work. We value people with exceptional talents and diverse backgrounds who thrive in a culture where they feel respected, supported and encouraged. 2021 FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS In 2021 we delivered record-setting growth and profits. The team generated adjusted earnings per share of $4.17, which increased 17 percent over the prior year; produced $1.52 billion of adjusted free cash flow, a 23 percent increase over the prior year; and expanded adjusted EBITDA margin 60 basis points to 30 percent.1 Profitable growth remains our objective, and we continue to invest in acquisitions to create long-term value. In 2021, we invested more than $1 billion in acquisitions to further enhance our market position and increase cash flow—the highest level of acquisition investment in over a decade. This included investments in recycling and solid waste as well as the environmental solutions business. We expect another outsized acquisition investment year in 2022 in addition to above average organic growth. As part of our balanced approach to capital allocation, we returned $805 million to our shareholders in 2021 through dividends and share repurchases. The strength of our 2021 performance demonstrates the value our strategy is creating and our ability to execute. PARTNERING WITH CUSTOMERS TO CREATE A MORE SUSTAINABLE WORLD I believe our company is at an inflection point. Our 35,000 employees have worked hard over the past decade, building a foundation that is enabling us to compete in new ways. Initiatives such as One Fleet, Priority Based Selling and our RISE digital platform have created significant value and differentiated Republic in the industry. This success positions us to do new things, and we have a new company vision that reflects these opportunities. This vision, partnering with customers to create a more sustainable world, is intentionally ambitious, because we believe we are uniquely positioned to help our customers achieve their own sustainability goals. We’re going to continue to expand where we compete by providing customers the most complete set of products and services. This continued expansion strengthens our relationship with our customers and takes us from competing in a $67 billion recycling and solid waste industry to competing in a broader $91 billion environmental services industry. Our team delivered 2021’s record growth and profitability by executing consistently on our strategy supported by Republic’s three differentiating capabilities: customer zeal, digital and sustainability. With customers, we have made progress over the years, but we must continually raise the bar. Our goal is to not just be the best in our industry, but to be world class. Our customer retention rate remains at a record-setting level of 95 percent, and our NPS score remains well above prepandemic levels. We’re building a culture that has a heart for the customer throughout every area of our business. Our digital initiative focuses on three areas: customer, operations and core systems. We are working to enhance the customer experience with new digital tools over the next two to three years. To date, we have implemented tablets in approximately 90 percent of our large and small container fleet, which enabled us to send more than one million proactive automated customer notifications last year alone. We also are in the midst of our multiyear plan to update our core systems. We’ve already implemented new systems across sales, customer service and human resources, and finance and procurement updates are scheduled for this year. We remain committed to sustainability, because we know we have both an opportunity and responsibility to make our world better while growing our business. We think of sustainability holistically, including climate leadership, safety, talent and community. It’s imperative for us to reduce emissions and achieve greater circularity with the materials we handle to help preserve the environment now and for future generations. We view sustainability as more than just how we operate. We see it as a platform for growth, allowing us to drive circularity while creating additional value for our shareholders. We continue to partner with developers to capitalize on landfill gas to energy opportunities. We expect four of these projects to be completed in 2022, another 14 in the next couple of years and an opportunity for 40 projects beyond this current pipeline. We’re bullish on fleet electrification and continue to add electric vehicles to our fleet. We also are making recycling investments beginning this year to forward integrate in the plastics value chain. Recently we announced plans for the nation’s first integrated plastics recycling facility—The Republic Services Polymer Center. These investments will provide a platform for future revenue growth with attractive returns and drive a more sustainable world for future generations. CULTURE AND VALUES In addition to updating our vision, we recently updated our company values. We believe that it is not only what we do that matters, but also how we do it. Our first value is obvious for anyone familiar with our company priorities and culture—above all else, we have always been committed to safety. By making “Safe” our first company value, we emphasize the importance of protecting the livelihoods of our coworkers and communities. Our second value is Committed to Serve. Committed to Serve began as an initiative in the early days of the COVID-19 pandemic as a way to thank our frontline employees and support local small businesses. Our frontline employees continue to rise to the challenge as essential employees, going above and beyond to exceed our customers’ expectations. We take action to improve our environment, so our third value is Environmentally Responsible. It’s not enough that our company is delivering on our ambitious sustainability goals, we’re also providing services and solutions that help our customers meet their sustainability goals. We have a unique opportunity as well as a responsibility to take care of the environment now and for future generations. Our fourth value is Driven, because we are committed to delivering results in the right way. Our company operates within a comprehensive corporate governance framework that sets expectations for professional and personal conduct, defines responsibilities and helps ensure ethics and compliance. This has led to multiple achievements in the past year, including recognition as one of Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies and 3BL Media’s 100 Best Corporate Citizens of 2021. Finally, we are Human-Centered. We respect the dignity and unique potential of every person. We need a broad range of ideas and perspectives to allow our team members to grow, thrive and exceed our customers’ expectations. Republic will continue to be a model for inclusiveness and equal opportunity. I am incredibly optimistic about our future and the impact we will deliver for all of our stakeholders. We’re committed to delivering superior service to our customers. We continue to be the place where the best people come to work. We help the communities in which we operate to thrive. Our investments and efforts with these stakeholders will continue to drive outstanding results for shareholders. I want to thank all of our employees for their achievements over the past year and our Board of Directors for their guidance and support. Together, we’ll put sustainability in action.

Jon Vander Ark 

President and Chief Executive Officer
