DEAR SHAREHOLDERS: I’m proud of the strong results the Ryder team delivered during 2021. The ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic disruption presented unprecedented challenges for our customers and we were there to help them thrive. Increased transportation and supply chain complexities are making it harder for companies to keep these functions in-house and a record number are seeking Ryder’s expertise through our outsourced solutions. Supply chain disruptions, labor shortages, and truck production constraints fueled demand for our logistics and transportation solutions, and companies increasingly turned to Ryder to overcome these market challenges. 2021 RESULTS In 2021, we generated record ROE of 21%, reflecting strong demand and pricing in used vehicle sales and rental, as well as benefits from our multi-year lease pricing and maintenance cost-savings initiatives. Based on fundamental changes we’ve made to elevate the return profile of our Fleet Management Solutions (FMS) business, including increased lease return requirements and lower ongoing maintenance costs, we raised our long-term ROE target over the cycle from 15% to a range of high-teens. We also delivered record comparable EPS from continuing operations of $9.58, reflecting strong FMS results. We generated strong operating cash flow of $2.2 billion and free cash flow of $1.1 billion, reflecting our strategy focused on moderate growth with higher returns in our FMS business and accelerated growth in our higher return Supply Chain and Dedicated Transportation businesses. Free cash flow also benefitted from OEM delivery delays due to the semiconductor shortage. Our capital allocation priorities and actions to improve returns have strengthened our balance sheet, providing us with the capacity to execute strategic acquisitions and return capital to shareholders, including via our $300 million accelerated share repurchase program. Record revenue of $9.7 billion was driven by double-digit revenue growth in all three business segments. Tight truck capacity resulted in strong revenue growth in rental, but production constraints that delayed vehicle deliveries from the OEMs created a headwind for lease fleet and revenue growth. We continue to see benefits from our multi-year lease pricing initiative and expect incremental benefits going forward as we reprice the remaining approximately 60% of our lease portfolio at higher returns upon renewal. In our Supply Chain Solutions (SCS) and Dedicated Transportation Solutions (DTS) businesses, we achieved record new contract wins that are expected to generate profitable growth in 2022 and beyond. Companies are increasingly engaging Ryder to increase the efficiency and resiliency of their supply chains, while our operational expertise and innovative technology are key differentiators in winning new business. Earnings in SCS were negatively impacted by supply chain disruptions impacting our automotive customers, while labor shortages adversely affected results in SCS and DTS. Pre-tax earnings as a percent of operating revenue for both segments are expected to return to target levels in the second half of 2022, reflecting growth, acquisitions, contract adjustments to recover unusually higher labor costs, and an expected recovery in automotive production. INVESTING IN THE FUTURE The outsourcing of logistics and transportation solutions can create significant returns for many businesses, given the ever-increasing costs and complexities of the supply chain. We’re enthusiastic about the potential for growth in our industry, and are making strategic investments in technology and new product development to create new opportunities for long-term revenue and earnings growth. In November, we acquired Midwest Warehouse & Distribution System, expanding our presence in both the greater Chicago area—a key distribution hub—and in the multi-client warehousing business. This move will make our SCS operations more attractive to businesses that do not have the need for large, dedicated warehouses of their own, while also creating a pipeline for these customers to grow and transition into new and expanded services as their businesses evolve. In December, we announced plans to acquire Whiplash, a nationwide provider of e-commerce and omnichannel fulfillment services. The acquisition was completed in early January 2022, significantly expanding Ryder’s existing e-commerce network, presence in key markets, and technology capabilities, while providing our customers with greater flexibility in serving their customers’ needs. RyderShare™, our real-time visibility and collaboration platform, continues to be a key differentiator in winning new business. This innovative digital product combines Ryder’s nearly 90 years of logistics experience with bestin-class technology. RyderShare recently expanded its capabilities to provide visibility into the warehouse. With unparalleled views now inside and outside the warehouse, Ryder is the only 3PL offering a technology platform with real-time visibility, collaboration, and exception management across the end-to-end supply chain. COOP by Ryder®, the leading truck and trailer sharing platform, expanded into six new markets in 2021, and launched nationwide in early 2022. This expansion underscores the continued growth of the COOP platform, the high demand for rental vehicles, and the opportunity to monetize underutilized fleets. In the emerging autonomous vehicle technology space, we are leveraging our expertise in asset management, maintenance, and logistics in order to position ourselves as an innovative leader. We have teamed up with multiple companies, including Waymo Via, Embark Trucks, TuSimple, and Gatik, to provide various services for autonomous fleets including transfer hub operations, vehicle leasing, and maintenance services. We also funded a widely read Georgia Tech study on the impacts of autonomous trucking on our industry. Additionally, RyderVentures, our corporate venture capital fund, is investing in start-up companies developing the next generation of solutions for our customers, including AI-powered platforms to empower small trucking companies (SmartHop), tech-enabled networks of drop zones to reduce dwell and detention delays for long-haul truckers (Baton), carbon capture technology for trucks (Remora), same-day delivery solutions for e-commerce brands (Ohi), and more. CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY Being better isn’t just about what we do as a business; it’s about who we are as a company and an employer. We made significant advancements in our Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion goals in 2021. We launched the Black Leadership Forum with the goal to drive development, engagement, and mentorship of our Black leaders. This follows the 10th anniversary of Ryder’s Women Leadership program, which has contributed significantly to retaining, developing, and promoting women leaders. We’re giving back to the communities where we live and work, and I’m proud to highlight that we gave $2.45 million in 2021 in support of worthwhile causes and organizations that reflect Ryder’s values through the Ryder Charitable Foundation. We made a record donation to the United Way as part of our annual campaign, that when combined with the generous donations from our Ryder employees, exceeded $900,000. This year, we added “equality” as one of our guiding values for charitable funding priorities, ensuring that when we give, we are doing so in ways that help advance the cause of equality. This includes committing funds to support initiatives that specifically impact the Black community, including programs at Howard University, North Carolina A&T State University, YMCA’s MLK Jr. Stand for Something, and numerous others. We’re continually striving to make Ryder a better business, a better place to work, and a better corporate citizen, and we’re being recognized for our efforts. Some of the highlights from 2021 include Forbes® naming Ryder as both a “Best Employer for Diversity” and a “Best Employer for Veterans,” being named one of the “World’s Most Admired Companies” and one of “America’s Most Responsible Companies” by FORTUNE® magazine and Newsweek®, respectively, and, for the third consecutive year, the Women in Trucking Association recognizing Ryder as a “Top Company for Women to Work For in Transportation.” In closing, I want to thank you for your continued confidence and investment in Ryder. We remain committed to furthering Ryder’s success as an investment, a solutions provider, and a corporate citizen. On behalf of Ryder’s leadership team and our 42,000 employees, we appreciate your support and interest in Ryder. 

Sincerely,

Robert Sanchez 

Chairman and CEO
