DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS,

Fiscal year 2021 will be remembered as a year of unprecedented challenges as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite the challenges, SAIC was steadfast and made substantial progress in our strategic transformation and delivered strong financial and operational performance. Throughout a year with disruptions, our 26,000+ employees remained focused and committed to supporting our customers’ critical missions. At the onset of the pandemic in March 2020, SAIC quickly and efficiently pivoted to a remote work environment and focused on three immediate priorities: (1) ensuring the health and safety of our employees, (2) continued solid performance for our customers, and (3) managing the business for our shareholders. As a result of this focus, SAIC delivered a total shareholder return of 11% for the fiscal year. We stand committed to driving profitable growth and delivering top shareholder returns. We are positioning SAIC for the future through three critical pillars: refining the business strategy to expand growth, aligning the organization and building a best-in-class team, and laying the foundation of a diverse, purpose-driven organization. While looking inward, we also looked externally to acquire Unisys Federal, a top provider of digital transformation services, to expand our portfolio and accelerate growth. We welcomed approximately 2,000 employees, retained key talent, and successfully completed the integration into our business operations. SOLID FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE In FY21, SAIC delivered revenue growth, strong profitability, and solid cash generation while navigating the COVID-19 pandemic. Revenues grew 11% and adjusted EBITDA margin grew by 50 basis points to 8.9% compared with last fiscal year, which were primarily driven by the acquisition of Unisys Federal and strong operational execution across the portfolio. We believe that strong cash flow generation is key to our shareholder value proposition, and we delivered $524 million of free cash flow (excluding sale of receivables). Our solid cash generation also enabled us to reduce debt by $400 million and distribute $106 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. SAIC’s outstanding business development results included a book-to-bill ratio of 1.7 and net bookings of $12 billion. Contract backlog increased 40% in FY21 to $21.5 billion, positioning us well for continued success and growth in FY22 and beyond. The financial impacts due to the pandemic were modest, impacting revenues by approximately $250 million and profits by approximately $25 million. We are optimistic that this modest impact will abate as the pandemic subsides. Our focus in FY22 will continue to be on accelerating profitable growth, delivering strong cash generation, and executing our strategy for long-term shareholder value creation. PEOPLE AND CULTURE SAIC’s employees are the growth engine of our success. Our commitment to, and engagement with, our employees is foundational to who we are. Prior to the pandemic, SAIC made several commitments focused on making a real difference internally and externally of our workplace as detailed in our inaugural Sustainability and Social Responsibility Report. In FY21, we expanded our community outreach and focused on enhancing our employees’ experience while also shaping the workforce of the future. We introduced several new programs to recruit and retain a new generation of employees, including a more flexible work schedule with alternate Fridays off. We also strengthened our tuition reimbursement plan, introduced a student loan repayment plan, and paid for certification programs. Within our communities, calls for racial equity and a response to systemic racism arose across the nation. Change was demanded, and we fully embraced it. We evaluated and updated SAIC’s values, adding inclusion, as an intentional step toward driving cultural change. SAIC recognizes diversity, equity, and inclusion are critical elements of our business and culture that enable us to leverage and embrace individual differences, life experiences, capabilities, and authentic perspectives to achieve a richer employee experience and deliver exceptional business results. To expand our commitment, we appointed a Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Officer. Through this role, we will continue to facilitate and encourage courageous conversations across the company. Central to our diversity, equity, and inclusion strategy is increasing our leadership diversity, ensuring we have the best leadership in our industry. We have made significant strides in this area as SAIC’s board of directors and leadership team are comprised of at least 60% women and/or people of color. BRING ON TOMORROW We are optimistic about SAIC’s future as we transform to meet market dynamics, anticipate customers’ future needs, and attract top talent. In FY22, we will continue our transformation journey, maturing and accelerating our strategy by investing in growing markets and advancing the power of technology and innovation. By refining SAIC’s business strategy, we are accelerating growth and delivering innovation in areas such as digital transformation, space, and digital engineering while also ensuring that we are ready to respond to the innovation needs within robust markets like health and emerging technology. Our customers are demanding this of us, and we are answering their call. We are strengthening our leadership team in alignment with our refined strategy. As a result, we created the role of Chief Strategic Growth Officer to drive innovation and solutions and welcomed a new Chief Financial Officer focused on profitable growth, business execution, and long-term value creation. We restructured our organization to align with our growth priorities by establishing two business sectors: the Defense and Civilian Sector and the National Security and Space Sector. We also established the Strategy, Growth, and Innovation organization, which will deliver transformational innovation, accelerate our technology agenda, and invest in solutions for our current and future customers. We are excited about FY22. Our continuous transformation positions us well for the future. Our employees, shareholders, and customers expect it, and our own ambitions demand it. With our values as our guide and driven by purpose, let’s bring on tomorrow. We are confident in our bright future and look forward to a healthy and successful year. 

Nazzic S. Keene 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
