Dear Stockholders: This past year was remarkable, both from the standpoint of the obstacles we overcame and the results we achieved. We began the year cautiously optimistic about the potential impact vaccines would have on COVID-19. Unfortunately, we were faced with the persistent challenges presented by the virus. More than once, we thought the virus was behind us, only to have it rear its head again. Our philosophy from the beginning of this pandemic has been to protect our colleagues and associates while striving to operate our business as close to 100% as possible. We executed well on this philosophy and achieved record earnings. One of the most impactful business effects of COVID-19 has been the supply chain crisis caused by unusual demand as we exited the first phase of the virus. Combined with an acute labor shortage, this resulted in shortages of many essential goods required to operate our businesses, causing commodity prices to fluctuate wildly. Fortunately, we were able to mitigate the majority of the negative impact and capitalize on the positive. Our success is built upon our preparation, day in and day out, to be in a position to continue to adequately serve our markets when imbalances inevitably occur. For years we have been investing in vertical integration, additional equipment, upgraded machinery and building a dedicated workforce so that when disruptions and imbalances occur, we are prepared to meet our customers’ demand. An example of this is in our container ship liner company, Seaboard Marine. Seaboard Marine’s mission is to be a leader in ocean transportation and logistics where employees partner with customers to provide the highest level of service without exception. In the face of skyrocketing charter and container lease rates and labor and equipment challenges, they had a record year. Seaboard Marine was prepared for these challenges by having secured additional cargo carrying equipment, extending existing ship charters and purchasing new tonnage. Most importantly, their success was the result of a strong commitment from employees and customers built over many years leading up to 2021. Another example occurred in our Seaboard Foods division. For a period of time this year the cost of a hog exceeded the value of the pork it produced. Some pork processors sustained losses and cut back production. For Seaboard Foods, however, the vertically integrated model implemented many years ago allowed for a constant focus on maximizing the value of the final product. We strive to make a positive impact in the places where we do business. We recognize that our business operations contribute greenhouse gases to the atmosphere, and it is incumbent upon us to take action to limit those emissions. To that end, we plan to spend more than $300 million over several years to capture methane emissions from a portion of our hog production facilities. We are also investing $180 million to construct three container ships capable of operating on natural gas. These vessels will emit fewer greenhouse and particulate emissions than conventionally fueled ships. There is still more work to be done in this regard, but we are proud of the steps we are taking. Of the myriad challenges faced this year, none were more impactful than labor shortages. For a variety of reasons, it has become increasingly difficult to find the people we need to fully staff our facilities. This means that in many cases we have had to ask more of the people we do have. I am incredibly proud of the dedication I have seen time and time again from Seaboard’s employees. Whether it has meant putting in the extra hours or taking on a new role to pick up slack, the team at Seaboard has stepped up to the plate, and I extend our thanks to all our dedicated employees. 

Robert L. Steer 

President and Chief Executive Officer
