In 2021, StoneX achieved strong results with record operating revenues and record core earnings on an adjusted basis – once again proving the resiliency of our business and continuing our progress toward becoming a premier financial services franchise globally. Operating revenues climbed to nearly $1.7 billion while net income exceeded $116 million, up 25% on an adjusted basis, which excludes the accounting impact of the GAIN transaction in 2020 and 2021. Shareholder equity rose to $904 million, which is also a record. Earnings per share (diluted) registered $5.74, and we achieved an adjusted ROE of 14.9%, even with a significantly larger capital base than in prior years. 

Over the past 19 years, we have compounded operating revenue at 32% per annum and shareholder capital at 29% per annum. Our performance in these regards has been particularly strong in the past two years, during which time we have grown our operating revenues and our shareholder capital by more than 50% - all from retained earnings. Furthermore, we have managed to deploy this capital at or near our target of 15% ROE. Overall, we are extremely proud of this track record and believe it is unsurpassed in our industry. Our financial results are a direct validation of our client-first strategy to provide institutional-grade global market access, end-to-end clearing and execution, high-touch service and expertise through one trusted partner. All of our financial capital, intellectual talent and infrastructure are focused on this singular objective. We are pleased to see the continued strong growth in the depth and diversity of our client base, as well as significantly increased client trading collateral posted to support this activity, all of which points to gains in market share across the board. We have an enormous total addressable market (TAM) ahead of us and estimate our market share to be less than a single basis point. We believe we have a unique offering and are working to better automate and digitize our offering to better attack the available TAM. 

OVERVIEW 

2021 was a year of strong growth and significant progress toward our long-term strategic objectives. We grew revenue by 28% and earnings by 25% (on an adjusted basis), both new records as compared to a very successful 2020, wherein volatility generated by the COVID-19 pandemic provided us with significant tailwinds. We also grew the scale and diversity of our client footprint significantly over the year. Notably, we have delivered this growth without any increase in our share count, although we did take on some high-priced, high-yield to fund the GAIN acquisition. The GAIN retail platform delivered on its first-year expectations, although, as we anticipated, the results varied from quarter to quarter – with most of the bottom-line benefit accruing in Q2. The combination of this platform’s more volatile revenue stream and the higher fixed costs stemming from the interest associated with the high yield notes required to complete the acquisition increased variability in our quarterly earnings. This variability did not surprise or concern us, given our focus on long-term performance over quarterly results.

Product volumes – in terms of trades and transactions – increased strongly across nearly every product. Volume increases were offset to some extent by reduced revenue capture - especially in securities, where market volatility declined somewhat as COVID’s disruption to the global economy eased. Within this context, however, revenue capture in our listed derivatives, our most competitive product, increased by 29% as we actively re-priced our offering to institutional clients. Our customer float grew to $5.8 billion – powered by growth in both listed derivatives and securities clearing – of 39% and 30% respectively. However, interest earnings on our float declined significantly compared to 2020, wherein interest rates were higher than in 2021 for much of the year. Although interest earnings on our customer float may seem immaterial in the context of operating revenues, these earnings fall directly to the bottom line. These significant increases in both product volumes and customer float speak to increased client engagement and the continued expansion of our franchise.

From a client segment perspective, we saw strong performance across the board in both operating revenue and segment income. Our commercial segment increased operating revenues by 24% and segment income by 35% thanks to good market conditions and a strong performance from our precious metals business. Our institutional, retail and global payments segments also achieved year-over-year growth in both categories, despite the prevalence of largely more favorable market conditions during most of 2020. More details regarding segment performance and composition can be found on pages 24-25. Our business performs best when we have moderate volatility and can earn a carry on our customer float. In 2021, intermittent increases in market volatility tied to the pandemic benefited a number of our businesses over the course of the year. These increases spurred heightened activity from hedgers and speculators alike, leading to increased transaction flow over our network. However, these benefits were counterbalanced by the return to near-zero interest rates in 2020, which limited the amount of revenue we were able to generate from our customer float, even as it continued to grow.

OUR STRATEGY IN ACTION 

We believe that our strong performance in 2021 and our track record over the past 19 years speak to the efficacy of our strategy and to our focus and discipline in executing it relentlessly as we pursue our goal of becoming a premier financial services franchise globally. Indeed, we made significant progress in 2021 within each of the four primary components comprising this strategy. Build Our Ecosystem – We must remain relevant to our clients and prospects by adding more of the products and services they want and by providing them with the best ecosystem possible for accessing the global financial markets. Doing so enables us to increase engagement and wallet share from existing clients while attracting new clients who cannot satisfy their needs elsewhere, or who are dissatisfied with how those needs are being met. We continued to see increasing interest from our clients in the ability to access the growing crypto ecosystem. We have responded by facilitating trading for institutional and retail clients in a growing number of crypto related products such as listed derivatives as well as publicly listed ETF’s, bitcoin exchanges and other participants. We are in the process of evaluating collaborations and partnership arrangements to further extend our crypto offering to our retail clients while also upgrading our market intelligence offering in support of this growing asset class. We increased our efforts to tap into new or growing markets fueled by the rise of ESG initiatives globally, which is especially relevant to our global agricultural client base. These include renewable fuels and biodiesel, in which we are already leaders, certain base metals required by the electric car industry, and carbon trading, for which we are poised to launch a robust advisory service to complement our current trading capabilities. We leveraged our presence in Asia to provide direct access to newly available listed derivative markets in China. We continued to expand our institutional offering by building out our capabilities in securities prime brokerage (including outsourced trading) and fixed income. Grow/Diversify Customer Base – We are a customer-centric business and strive to grow our customer footprint consistently by entering new markets, expanding market share in our existing markets, and adding new client segments and channels. Our broad range of capabilities enable us to serve customers of nearly every type, which creates a large addressable market for us and a significant opportunity for top-line growth – given that our current market penetration is likely in the single basis point range. Seizing this opportunity will enable us to increase volume and lower earnings volatility.

We have very successfully expanded our reach within the U.S. wholesale precious metals market with the addition of a small but very experienced team in California. We will look to complement our U.S. presence by adding a digital retail capability via our coininvest digital retail platform. We received all the regulatory permissions required to roll out our retail platform in the EU, which opens a significant new market for us. We have completed the integration of GAIN’s state-of-the-art digital marketing function into the larger business. Capabilities include the design and execution of digital marketing strategies, as well as the generation of the analytics required to measure and optimize results. This proven and talented group drives the retail platform revenue and increasingly will look to scale and grow our other client areas as they become more digitized and platform based. Digitize Our Business – We firmly believe that the digitization of client platforms – backed by highly agile and efficient infrastructure – is a key requisite for our continued growth. Digitization will enable us to increase global market share in our massive total addressable market more efficiently while simultaneously providing scalability and margin expansion. Our keys to this approach are threefold: 1) aggregation and ease of access to data across the enterprise for strategic use, 2) open, flexible and modular architecture to enable scalability, and 3) opportunities for trade internalization across platforms that benefit our clients via better pricing and improve our bottom line via higher margins.

Given our broad product offering, we have a complicated technology stack that uses a large number of industrybased systems of record for each of our core products. This requires a cumbersome “point-to-point” connection between all our support areas and client-facing platforms, which makes digitization difficult. We identified this as a major impediment to our strategy and, through many years of investment, have simplified our internal technology stack through the use of a centralized “data lake.” Data from the majority of our client-facing applications and support systems now flows into this lake, where the information is stored and normalized, enabling far greater ease of access and analysis. As a result, our risk team can now access all client activity instantaneously across the organization – whether by product, location or legal entity. We can also view the profitability of each client against both their risk profile and specific capital requirements, which has been instrumental in our ability to reprice elements of our offering. This capability is especially useful in low-margin businesses like institutional listed derivatives. In addition, we have been working for some time to create a flexible, open-architecture, API-based approach to our systems of record. This will enable us to combine access to our systems and products on client-facing platforms in a modular and efficient way. Combined with the data lake, this approach will allow us to create very flexible platforms for specific client types – giving them access to the products and capacities they need. This has also been a long-term project, but again, we are now seeing validation through an increased cadence of delivery. We have developed one of the leading OTC derivatives and structured product platforms – taking some of our most complex products and making them easy to access, understand, design and then execute – all electronically. We have rolled out a number of electronic trading applications for our equity market making business. These have not only fully automated what we have always done on the desk but also provide clients with additional capabilities and transparency when executing their orders. We are poised to launch the internal pilot for StoneX One, a self-directed, multi-asset platform allowing clients to trade equities – both cash and options – and listed derivatives, with foreign exchange coming shortly thereafter. This app will work seamlessly across three very different regulatory environments, which is no easy feat. Once validated, we will then use the same technology to create a digital version for GAIN’s self-directed retail platform – an objective we set out at the time of the GAIN acquisition and which will be transformational to their offering. In summer 2022, we plan to make cash equities available on the GAIN retail platform outside of the US. Compound Capital – From our earliest days, we have focused on expanding our capital base by maintaining consistent profitability and reinvesting those profits back into the business so that we can create our own capital runway for growth. We try to deploy this capital wisely through a disciplined M&A approach focused on deals that will accrete immediately to earnings, and by making allocation decisions focused on ROE. We believe this approach has been key to our ability to achieve stable and consistent growth, and we will continue to pursue it going forward. In 2021, we achieved adjusted ROE of 14.9%, very near to our 15% target. Over the past 10 years, we have tripled our shareholder funds, acquired more than 15 businesses and significantly expanded our client footprint – nearly all of which was financed organically from retained earnings and the unbelievable power of compounding. While we had to take on some relatively high-priced debt to complete the GAIN acquisition, we have the ability to call the entire issue in June 2022. This timeline aligns with the extension of our holding company bank facilities, which allows us to strategically re-assess our capital structure in June 2022 to take advantage of the optimal combination of debt and bank funding, as well as hopefully drive down the cost of this capital significantly.

GAIN INTEGRATION 

In late 2020, we acquired GAIN Capital Holdings, Inc. with the confidence that the merger would fundamentally transform our company’s earnings power by 1) significantly expanding and deepening our retail customer segment, which we could serve more efficiently than GAIN through our existing infrastructure, and 2) by adding a leading digital capability that would give us an edge in capturing market share within the self-directed trading space. The latter represents an enormous and growing addressable market for us across our retail, commercial and institutional segments. Also, by integrating GAIN’s business into our own, we created the opportunity to market the legacy products and services of both businesses seamlessly over all of our platforms and created increased opportunities to combine and internalize trade flows. In 2021, we achieved significant progress in our integration efforts. We were able to secure all the significant regulatory approvals required, as well as merge key legal entities between the two companies in the U.K., U.S. and Singapore per our plan. In addition, all central support functions – accounting, risk management, core IT, legal, HR, marketing, etc. – have been integrated and now serve the entire enterprise. We are already realizing cost synergies from these integrations, and expect to capture even more as duplicative leases, vendor contracts and other commitments expire over time. In terms of products, capabilities and trade flows, we have fully integrated the GAIN futures businesses and are clearing their transactions through our platform. We have also integrated the transaction flows for precious metals and FX – enabling us to provide better pricing while improving our spread capture and reducing our costs. One of the most attractive aspects of this merger for us remains the opportunity to leverage some of our existing commercial and institutional products and capabilities via the GAIN retail platforms – effectively opening a new and significant market for them. One of our highest priorities for 2022 will be the addition of cash equities to the City Index (UK) and Forex.com (U.S.) platforms – in that order, due to the regulatory issues involved. This will open up an entirely new market for our equities inventory and augment what is already one of our signature strengths. 

ESG PROGRESS 

In last year’s report, we provided information regarding our approach to Environment, Social and Governance policies and initiatives for the first time in our history. That approach continues to arise organically out of our company culture and remains balanced by our responsibility as a public company to our shareholders. We are pleased to note that we have over a number of years worked to diversify our board to set the “tone at the top”. We are pleased that we now satisfy the NASDAQ diversity standard and will continue to work hard to ensure StoneX is an inclusive and diverse organization. We do not see this merely as an ESG requirement but more as an essential ingredient to a high-performing company. We provide updates to some of the internal policies and initiatives we reported last year on page 26. Among the highlights for 2021 is our investment in Tigress Financial Partners LLC, the nation’s only disabled- and womanowned financial services firm. In addition to providing updates to internal policies and initiatives, we also detail some of the ways we are helping our clients achieve their ESG objectives, as well as the roles we are playing to facilitate the orderly and effective function of those new markets that have arisen to serve their needs. These include providing clients with education and access to carbon credit markets globally; facilitating participation for clients in the Brazilian government’s signature decarbonization program under the Paris Agreement; our leadership in serving the U.S. and global biodiesel and renewable fuels markets; and our payments platform’s ongoing track record of helping hundreds of charities and NGOs ensure that millions more dollars make it from their donors to their people on the ground carrying out their missions. We recognize that these business activities are not directly analogous to – or a replacement for – pursuing our own internal ESG initiatives, and we would not engage in them if they were not profitable. However, we do believe it’s important for all our stakeholders to understand the extent to which capital invested in StoneX generates significant and positive impacts across the ESG space. 

COVID-19 IMPACT 

Unfortunately, we cannot discuss our performance without acknowledging the broader context of COVID-19’s impact on the global economy. Despite optimism early in the year that the global pandemic was subsiding and that a return to more normal conditions was near, COVID-19 is still impacting the global economy, the financial markets and our business significantly. We now expect these effects to remain present in some measure for the foreseeable future, and we will continue to adjust our strategy accordingly. Within this context, meeting the needs of our clients while maintaining their safety and that of our employees, vendors and other stakeholders remains our highest priority. We pursued this goal in 2021 through a more even mix of work-from-home and in-office activity than in the prior year. 

LOOKING FORWARD 

As we move into 2022, we will look to leverage all the advantages achieved or cemented over the past year and more. We have validated our acquisition of GAIN through our results so far, and have significantly expanded our footprint, client reach and product offering without issuing any stock – while preserving the opportunity next year to restructure and optimize our capital structure. We have made large investments in technology over the last four to five years to put in place the foundations required to accelerate the digitization of our business – from enhanced connectivity and analytical capabilities across our internal systems to increased digital access to our products and services for clients through fewer platforms to a leading internal digital marketing capability to leverage these capabilities globally. Building on these investments, we are poised to launch a number of new digital platforms that will more tightly integrate our offering by client type – making it more engaging for clients and more scalable and profitable for us. We have a strong, customer-centric culture that will enable us to continue delivering exceptional experiences and service to our clients at every touchpoint – whether digital or person to person. We have a unique and comprehensive financial ecosystem with an enormous TAM in front of us – offering significant white space in areas where we already have client relationships and demonstrable capabilities. We have perhaps single-basis-point market penetration within our total addressable market and are now positioned to expand market share to continue our growth and, through better leverage of technology, expand our margins.

The convergence of all these elements, coupled with the growing awareness across the global financial marketplace of StoneX and the unique financial ecosystem we offer, make this a very exciting next phase of the StoneX growth story. Of course, our success will rest largely on the efforts of our talented, dedicated and industrious employees. On behalf of the executive management team, I want to thank all of my colleagues for their exceptional contributions during another challenging but productive year, along with our board and advisors for their guidance, our bankers for their financial support, and our stockholders for entrusting their capital to us. 

Sean M. O’Connor

Chief Executive Officer
