Fellow Shareholders, 

The past year has been a challenging one for the foodservice industry and for Sysco, yet, I feel our company is stronger than ever as we emerge from the crisis. I want to thank you for your investment in our company and for your trust in our team as we navigated a tumultuous environment. I am confident we will reward your trust with strong business outcomes in the years ahead. The COVID-19 disruption of our industry impacted every facet of Sysco’s business over the past year. The challenges put meaningful strain on our customers, our people, and our supply chain. I am pleased to report that we have performed better than the industry at large and that the industry is recovering faster than originally anticipated. I am incredibly proud of the unrelenting support that our associates provided our customers over the past year. We worked tirelessly to improve product fill rates, despite supply shortages. We waived order minimums at the peak of the crisis to provide our customers with increased flexibility when they needed it the most, and we remain the only national distributor with a no order minimum policy. We partnered with our customers on payment plans to help them manage their financials through their darkest hour. We helped tens of thousands of customers improve their delivery and take-out operations to maximize their business potential. We encouraged consumers to support their local restaurants through our Takeout to Give Back campaign. Bottom line, Sysco did more than ever to help our customers succeed, survive, and ultimately, thrive. As I write this annual letter, our business is in a state of strong recovery and our customers are experiencing a robust return of consumer demand. Sysco is winning market share at the national and local level due to our customer service levels, our order flexibility and our supply chain strength. We are simultaneously managing a robust business recovery, winning market share, and strengthening our company’s capabilities through a recently introduced, multi-year strategy called our Recipe for Growth. 

Strong Financial Performance and Market Share Gains During a Challenging Year 

Consumer spending in the food-away-from-home sector is currently strong. Business volumes are recovering sooner and stronger than we, and other industry experts, had modeled. We believe Sysco is best positioned to support the rapidly increasing demand, thanks to our strong balance sheet, large physical footprint, and our substantial investment in our salesforce and supply chain resources. Throughout the past year, we have proven our ability to win market share in a rapidly changing environment. In our national sales segment, we won more than $2 billion of net new business. We secured these accounts due to the confidence these customers have in Sysco. They know that Sysco can ship on time, and in full, due to our national footprint and proven supply chain stability. At the local, independent customer level, we have expanded the number of unique doors we serve by approximately 10%, in a market that has contracted by approximately 10% during the same timeframe. In June, we increased our market share for the sixth consecutive month and further strengthened the momentum that is building at Sysco. In addition to winning new business, we also made great progress in improving the productivity of our company. We exceeded our cost-out savings goal of $350 million during the year. This productivity improvement is helping to fund our business transformation and improve enterprise profitability for years to come. Sysco is uniquely positioned to invest as necessary to maximize the COVID business recovery, as well as to transform our business capabilities through our Recipe for Growth. The combination of our sales wins and disciplined expense management resulted in a profitable year for Sysco. We successfully delivered $51.3 billion of sales and $1.5 billion of adjusted operating income.

Despite the impacts COVID had on our industry and business this past year, overall, I am very pleased with our financial performance and confident in the fundamentals of our business as we look to the coming year. We will expand our leadership position while we grow, profitably, and we intend to return compelling value to our shareholders. 

Connecting the World to Share Food and Care for One Another 

Robust academic research has concluded that the most successful companies in the world are purpose-driven enterprises. They have associates that are focused and aligned against a common goal. A galvanizing purpose is how an organization answers the all-important question, “why do we exist?” This year, Sysco launched our new purpose: Connecting the world to share food and care for one another. For Sysco, our purpose motivates us, guides the decisions we make, prioritizes where we invest, and inspires and aligns our associates around what matters most. Importantly, our purpose raises the bar of what we expect of ourselves and the positive impact we can have on our customers’ business, the communities we serve, and each other. 

Our Recipe for Growth Strategy Is Fueled By Our Purpose 

Over the past year, our leadership team embarked on developing a growth strategy that would prioritize our work for the next three years. Sysco’s bold Recipe for Growth strategy will position us for long-term, profitable growth and, importantly, improve how we serve our customers. Every element of our growth strategy is focused on improving our customers’ experience with Sysco. We are building customer-centric, retail-like capabilities and investing in our people, technology and supply chain – in ways that others simply cannot duplicate. We are confident that as we make these improvements, our collective customers will reward Sysco with more of their business. Our purpose will fuel our Recipe for Growth, which includes five strategic pillars:

Digital. We are becoming a more digitally enabled company. We are improving our website, pricing systems and Customer Relationship Management (CRM) platform, and we are investing to create a customer “personalization engine” that will optimize and tailor the promotional offers we provide to every customer. Each of these tools will help us increase share of wallet with our customers and better serve them by making it easier to do business with Sysco.

Products and Solutions. Our merchandising and marketing solutions are being updated to fuel our business growth. We will develop cuisine-specific, go-to-market strategies that enable us to win more business within ethnic food segments. We are updating our Sysco Brand portfolio of products to further penetrate this profitable segment of our business.

Supply Chain. We are developing a more agile, flexible and efficient supply chain. The work we are doing will enable us to deliver more frequently to our customers, without order minimums, which we believe is a significant competitive advantage. Our supply chain improvements will enable an unprecedented delivery service experience. We are also building an omnichannel inventory fulfillment system that will enable us to better leverage our industry-leading breadth of assortment, increasing sales and better leveraging our working capital.

Customer Teams. Our salesforce and our delivery associates are a strategic advantage for Sysco. We have the most committed drivers and the largest, best trained sales team, both of which command an industry-leading net promoter score. Our strategy will improve how our sales team works together across our business segments. We will improve the productivity of our sales team through a data-driven approach. Our data insights will prioritize which customer prospects need more focused attention from our sales team.

Future Horizons. The final of our five growth pillars is exploring and developing future horizons. This work includes assessing new business opportunities, including M&A, and becoming a more efficient company so that we can leverage those cost savings to fund our growth. Our recent purchase of Greco & Sons is a strong example of how Sysco can leverage a strategic acquisition to better serve a customer segment. In this case, we have substantially improved our inventory assortment and selling strategies to win in the fast-growing Italian foods segment. We are confident that our Recipe for Growth strategy will enable us to grow 1.5x faster than the total market by the end of fiscal year 2024. Only Sysco has the breadth, depth and expertise to leverage each of these five growth pillars to better serve our customers. 

Elevating Our Commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility 

Sysco continues to make substantial progress toward our 2025 CSR goals. Since the start of the pandemic, we have donated more than 50 million meals to support the communities we serve when they needed it the most. We recently announced our Global Good Goal to donate $500 million worth of goods and services across our global communities by 2025. We continue to advance diversity, equity and inclusion at Sysco. We hired our first-ever chief diversity officer as part of our ongoing commitment in this area. Our improvement efforts are aimed at ensuring that everyone has a seat at the table at Sysco and that our company better reflects the customers and communities we serve. 

We Are Positioned to Deliver Long-Term, Profitable Growth 

A lot of exciting work lies ahead, and I have tremendous confidence in Sysco’s future. The most admired companies in the world are growth companies. Always innovating. Always getting stronger. Consistently growing, profitably Sysco is uniquely positioned to profitably grow faster than the industry through our Recipe for Growth. The strength of our industry-leading salesforce will be enhanced by a supply chain that is becoming more customer centric. Additionally, we are bolstering these competitive strengths with improved customer-facing technology tools. Most importantly, the best companies in the world are purpose-driven, and we will be leveraging a motivating purpose to inspire our associates. Lastly, I want to thank my fellow Sysco associates for their commitment and drive. Their relentless focus on our customers is an inspiration to me every single day. And I thank you for joining us on this journey. You have the commitment of our leadership team, our board of directors, and our 60,000 associates that we will work harder than anyone in the industry to deliver outstanding value to our shareholders and continue earning your trust and investment. 



Sincerely,

Kevin Hourican

President & CEO
