Dear Stockholder: You are invited to join us for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Tapestry, Inc., a Maryland corporation, at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on November 3, 2021. We will conduct our meeting exclusively online via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TPR2021. As always, your participation is important. Please refer to the attached Notice of 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement for information detailing matters to be considered and voted upon at this year’s meeting. Fiscal year 2021 was a transformational year for Tapestry—we are a fundamentally different company today than we were just one year ago. We are proud of the progress we have made and the value created for our stockholders. We advanced our multi-year growth agenda—our Acceleration Program—across all areas of the company, making foundational changes to our business platform. We sharpened our focus on the consumer, leaned into digital and data, and became a more agile organization, successfully adapting to the rapidly changing environment, while establishing deeper connections with new and existing customers at each of our brands. Importantly, this progress is clearly evidenced by our financial performance. Despite a challenging backdrop, we achieved record annual operating margin as Tapestry, Inc., collectively outperforming our expectations for Coach, Kate Spade and Stuart Weitzman, all while investing in our future. The year was capped by a successful fourth quarter, highlighted by revenue exceeding pre-pandemic levels, led by Digital and China—two areas of significant long-term opportunity. In addition, we generated $1.2 billion of free cash flow in fiscal year 2021 and ended the year in a strong cash position. We reinstated our capital return programs with a plan to return over $750 million to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases in fiscal year 2022 alone, underscoring our strong financial position and confidence in Tapestry’s growth potential. Our success is a testament to our powerful brands and our talented teams who are united by a shared purpose. Guided by this purpose, in early fiscal year 2022, we announced several actions to drive positive change and stretch what’s possible for our people, planet and community. We launched several new environmental, social and governance (ESG) commitments and employee compensation initiatives to further strengthen our accountability to our stakeholders and we established the Tapestry Foundation with an initial $50 million endowment to advance equity and opportunity and combat global climate change. We invite you to read more about these new initiatives in this proxy statement. We will continue to bring our purpose and values to life in all that we do, embracing our responsibility as a global fashion company to affect positive change for our industry and our stakeholders. As we look to the future, we have entered fiscal year 2022 in a position of strength. We have a clear strategy, compelling brands and a differentiated platform that combine to position us to win with consumers. We remain confident in our long-term ability to accelerate growth and profitability across our portfolio enhancing value for all stakeholders. We value your investment in our company and thank you for your continued support. Sincerely,

Joanne Crevoiserat 

Director and Chief Executive Officer
