Dear Fellow Shareholders:

Fiscal 2021 was a remarkable year for many reasons and one that radically changed the course of our company forever. Early in the year, we announced our intention to merge SYNNEX and Tech Data, two leading and successful companies in IT distribution. We completed our merger in September, creating TD SYNNEX, a values-driven company of over 22,000 committed and passionate co-workers. Together, we are empowering our more than 150,000 customers and 1,500 vendor partners to achieve great outcomes with technology and grow their businesses across the global IT channel. We have accomplished much already, including announcing our new organizational structure, and introducing a new purpose, vision, mission, and core values. As a values-driven enterprise, we are also moving quickly to establish combined Environmental, Social and Governance initiatives, which we will announce this spring along with plans to produce our first Corporate Social Responsibility report in 2022. TD SYNNEX’ expanded offering of products and services positions us well to meet the increasing need and demand for this technology. We are encouraged by the growth potential of our offerings, particularly in next-generation technology areas like Cloud, Security, Data Analytics & IoT, and Everything-as-aService.

For the third year in a row, the company achieved record revenue and operating income. We saw strong, broad-based growth across our business, something particularly noteworthy in a period marked by severe, industry-wide supply chain constraints, product shortages and impacts from the worldwide COVID-19 pandemic. Despite these challenges, we generated healthy cash flow and returned $50 million to shareholders in the form of dividends for fiscal 2021. I would like to thank all TD SYNNEX co-workers for their focus, dedication, and strong achievements in fiscal 2021.

2022 Objectives: 

We enter 2022 committed to delivering on our strategic and business objectives. We are excited to take advantage of the growth in next-generation technologies and are making investments to prioritize these areas. We are dedicated to being a partner of choice in the IT industry and are focused on delivering a world-class experience for our customers and vendor partners. We are committed to continuing to balance investment in our organic business with shareholder returns and M&A activity, as well as being an employer of choice for our coworkers. We have ambitious plans from here and look forward to sharing more about our multi-year strategic plan and financial outlook at our inaugural Investor Day, to be held virtually in spring 2022. 

I am honored to lead TD SYNNEX as we embark on this new chapter. 

Thank you for your continued investment in TD SYNNEX. 

Sincerely,

Rich Hume

CEO
