To Our Fellow Shareholders in THOR Industries: Looking back a year ago, we could hardly have imagined the rapid turnaround we achieved in fiscal year 2021. At that time, we had just returned to work at full capacity, operating under a COVID pandemic playbook that provided best-in-class protocols to keep our teams healthy within our plants. Despite a number of setbacks that included cancelling our September 2020 Dealer Open House event, we began to see reasons for optimism, as vaccines were developed at a record pace and progress was made against the spread of the disease. Following the initial school and business closures to fight the spread of COVID, consumers quickly regained their desire to travel and spend time with family and friends, but that desire was tempered by fresh health concerns. How could they enjoy leisure activities while protecting the health and safety of their loved ones? Recreational vehicles (RVs) offered an ideal solution, allowing people to bring their homes with them on the road. They could ensure the health and cleanliness of their living spaces and protect their families while enjoying the outdoors. In short, consumers made great efforts to control their own destinies when it came to vacations and travel. Consequently, the pandemic had a significant positive impact on the RV industry, broadening the appeal of RV vacations, and RV travel in general, to an expanded market. The strong demographic trends of families and friends enjoying the outdoors expanded further and faster than we could have anticipated. Fiscal 2021 was still a challenging and unpredictable year, but the momentum we gained by executing upon our plan as we re-emerged from the initial COVID shutdowns enabled us to post record results across nearly every measure. We delivered more than 300,000 units during the fiscal year, resulting in a 50.8% increase in net sales to $12.3 billion, including a partial year of revenues from the acquisition of Tiffin. We also achieved net income attributable to THOR of $659.9 million, or $11.85 per diluted share, far exceeding the previous record achieved in fiscal 2018. In terms of cash flow, we posted another strong year, despite increased working capital needs, by generating $526.5 million in cash flow from operations and repaying all of the debt incurred with the acquisition of Tiffin. These incredible results reflect the efforts and dedication of our 31,000 global team members, along with our base of independent dealers and supplier partners working in tandem to enable families and friends to “Go everywhere and stay anywhere.” Transformation of an Industry We have seen a continuing evolution of the RV industry for the past several years, as consumers entered our markets seeking new, affordable and safe ways to explore the outdoors while expressing their freedom to live their own adventures. Prior to the pandemic, our industry saw demographic trends moving in our favor. The pandemic served as an accelerant to these trends, and we experienced a dramatic transformation in our industry in fiscal 2021. As a result of this strong demographic tailwind, the RV Industry Association is now forecasting total shipments for calendar 2021 rising 34% to a new record high of 577,200 units, with an additional increase in shipments to more than 600,200 units in calendar 2022. This unprecedented growth hasn’t come without challenges, as the industry has struggled with low levels of dealer inventories as well as supply chains that are stretched to the limit. With demand exceeding our production output in fiscal 2021, it should be no surprise that independent dealer inventory levels are at historically low levels, while our backlogs have surged to a record level of $16.9 billion at the end of the fiscal year. Despite the heroic efforts of our team members and our supplier partners, we now expect that dealer inventory may not return to more normalized levels until calendar 2023. Continuing our History of Growth During the fiscal year, we built on our longstanding history of growth, both organically and through strategic acquisitions. We continued our long history of growth through acquisitions, which started with the acquisition of Airstream in 1980, by acquiring luxury RV manufacturer Tiffin Motorhomes. Bob Tiffin and his family grew their business over nearly four decades, setting the standard for the luxury Class A motorhome segment. Tiffin is well known in the RV industry for quality workmanship and outstanding customer service. The acquisition also helped us diversify our business geographically with Tiffin’s Alabama and Mississippi operations, allowing us to tap labor pools outside the tight labor markets in northern Indiana. At the time of the Tiffin acquisition in December 2020, we indicated we would completely and quickly repay the $165 million in acquisition financing by the end of our 2021 fiscal year – and we did. At July 31, 2021, we did not have any amounts outstanding on our ABL credit facility. Just after the end of the fiscal year, we announced the $750 million acquisition of Airxcel, a critical supplier of components for the RV industry with sales to RV OEMs, including THOR subsidiaries, and the aftermarket. Airxcel’s product lines include air conditioners, furnaces, water heaters, cooking appliances, roofing components, composites, windows and shades, all of which are essential to RV production. These acquisitions highlight our ongoing commitment to strategic growth, which will continue in the years to come as we invest in product innovation and seek the opportunistic acquisition of strong companies within the industry. Advancing our Vision Through Corporate Social Responsibility Throughout fiscal 2021, we made considerable progress on the second item of our double bottom line – social responsibility. We understand that realizing a successful financial bottom line in the outdoor recreation industry requires us to protect the environment that people enjoy when they use our RVs. In aid of that effort, we signed the UN Global Compact Business Ambition for 1.5°C Commitment and have pledged to achieve netzero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. As a first step toward this commitment, we published our carbon and climate report, which sets the baseline and action steps necessary to reach our net-zero emissions goal. Since our initial report, we have outlined both the steps we have taken and our prospective journey toward a better environment. Last year, we also partnered with the National Forest Foundation to plant a total of 500,000 trees over the next five years. We are committed to these reforestation efforts to ensure that our national forests can be enjoyed for generations to come, with the added benefit that the trees we plant help capture greenhouse gases and provide essential oxygen. Each of these actions shows our firm commitment to protecting the environment and ensuring we have beautiful outdoor spaces for people to enjoy in the generations to come. We also made strides in our efforts toward diversity, equity and inclusion, as we sought to enhance our Board leadership to be more reflective of the communities we serve. With the recent retirements of two long-standing directors, we were able to add three new highly qualified directors with diverse backgrounds to our Board. William J. Kelley, Christina Hennington and Laurel Hurd bring incredible depth of experience in consumer industries, innovation and strategic transformation that will enhance our team. With these appointments, we now have the most diverse Board in our Company’s history. Blazing a Trail of Growth in Fiscal 2022 Looking ahead to the coming year, we find ourselves drawing on a sense of optimism and deep purpose. As we navigate the continuing challenges of the pandemic, we remain focused on our efforts to ensure the health and safety of our team members, while providing consumers with new ways to safely enjoy spending time with family and friends, traveling or working from anywhere. We enter the new fiscal year with the wind at our backs, as the transformation of our industry has brought in many new RVers who have decided to embrace the safety and comfort of their own RV and the many benefits it provides. As a result, we start fiscal 2022 with record backlog levels and a strong balance sheet to support our growth. Dealer inventory levels of THOR products were 9% lower than the low levels of a year ago as we entered the new fiscal year, and dealers remain confident in the longterm outlook for the industry, continuing to invest in their dealerships to support demand from new and repeat buyers. As our team works to meet the robust demand, we expect another year of solid growth for THOR, boosted by our recent acquisitions of Tiffin and Airxcel. We will continue to successfully navigate the constraints of our supply chain as well as the tight labor markets in areas where we operate to ensure we can continue to produce the industry leading travel trailers, fifth wheels and motorhomes our dealers and customers demand. Finally, I would like to convey my deepest thanks to our team members around the world for your dedication and tireless efforts in making THOR the success that it is, by providing the great products that enable people to enjoy time together wherever they choose to travel. I would also like to thank our shareholders and other stakeholders for your continued confidence and support of our Company as we set our sights on a bright future for our world.

Bob Martin 

President and Chief Executive Officer
