TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS:

When we wrote to you last year, none of us could have imagined the extent of the human impact the COVID-19 global pandemic would have on the world. Our hearts go out to all of those who have been affected by this health crisis, including our Associates, our customers, and the communities we serve. Looking ahead, we are encouraged by the prospect of a widespread vaccine rollout and are hopeful the world can begin to move past this crisis soon. 

Associate Recognition 

We could not be prouder of the hard work and dedication of TJX’s approximately 320,000 global Associates. Their ongoing commitment to keeping our business running has been truly amazing and represents the very best of our Company’s culture. Together, as “One TJX,” we accomplished many monumental tasks and successfully navigated through 2020 during the most uncertain environment in our 44-year history, while keeping the health and safety of our Associates and customers at the forefront. 

2020 Business Review 

In March 2020, we temporarily closed all our stores, online businesses, distribution centers, and global offices as a result of the pandemic. We made swift and proactive decisions to prepare us to be well-positioned to recover from the impact of the health crisis on our business in the near term and to return to our path for successful global growth in the long term. Financially, we took prudent actions on capital spending and expenses to maintain our liquidity. When we began to reopen our stores in May 2020, we had established new protocols designed to operate our business safely and emerged with a very strong balance sheet. In the fourth quarter, and into 2021, with another surge in COVID cases, government mandates required us to temporarily close hundreds of stores again, with the vast majority of them in Europe and Canada. As to our 2020 financial performance, our sales of $32.1 billion and earnings per share of $.07 were negatively impacted due to the temporary closing of our stores for approximately 24% of the year.1 However, when measuring sales across our stores for the periods they were open (“open-only comp store sales”), we saw only a small year-over-year decline. Further, we were very pleased to end the year with strong momentum in our business. For the fourth quarter, our overall open-only comp store sales improved every month of the quarter and were positive in January. We see these sales results as a remarkable accomplishment as we operated in an environment where consumer shopping behavior was extremely uncertain, occupancy limits and social distancing protocols were the norm, and we were not considered an “essential” retailer in most of our geographies. Our performance through all of these challenges gives us great confidence that we will regain our sales and customer traffic once this health crisis is behind us. 

Financial Position and Shareholder Distributions 

In 2020, we generated $4.6 billion of operating cash flow and ended the year with $10.5 billion of cash on our consolidated balance sheet. We enter 2021 with a very strong balance sheet and plenty of liquidity to operate our business. We are in an excellent position to continue our investments in our stores, supply chain, and infrastructure to support our future growth plans. Further, we were pleased to declare a quarterly dividend in December 2020, at an increased rate of 13% above the previous dividend paid in March 2020. The Company declared a quarterly dividend at the same rate of $.26 per share in March 2021.

Looking Forward 

As we look ahead, we are as condent as we have ever been in the strength and resiliency of our business. We believe that our exible, off-price business model, entertaining treasure hunt shopping experience, differentiated mix of merchandise, and excellent values will continue to be tremendous advantages in the post-pandemic retail environment, as they have been for decades. Our management team is laser-focused on driving protable sales and increasing market share, and committed to continuing to develop talent and champion our culture. We are convinced that we have the opportunity to capture signicant market share gains over the long term and are in excellent shape to build on our off-price leadership positions in the United States, Canada, Europe, and Australia. 

Corporate Responsibility 

2020 was a critically important year in terms of corporate responsibility. Our commitment to the health, safety, and well-being of our Associates and customers remained a top priority, along with the nancial stability of the business. It was also an important year for our inclusion and diversity work, which includes our commitment to standing up for racial justice and equity. The increasing violence against the Asian and Pacic Islander communities is another stark reminder that injustice exists and that we must continue to work toward a better future for all. We are committed to listening to, and learning from, our Associates and taking actions to do better. We also broadened our charitable giving strategy to provide more direct support to Black communities, and increased our global giving to provide an incremental $10 million in grant funding over 2020 and 2021 to organizations that are actively working to support racial justice and equity. Hate has no place at TJX. In terms of environmental sustainability, we were pleased to exceed our goal to reduce our greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions per million dollars of revenue by 30% by the end of scal 2020, against a scal 2010 baseline, by achieving a 47% reduction. We also announced a new GHG goal, which is a 55% reduction in emissions from our direct operations by scal 2030 against a baseline year of scal 2017, a science-based target aligned with the United Nations’ Paris Agreement guidelines. We encourage you to visit our corporate website, TJX.com, for further information on our business operations, nancial results, and ongoing global corporate responsibility efforts. 

Board of Directors and Our Gratitude 

We were pleased to welcome back José Alvarez to our Board of Directors in 2020. His long career in the retail industry provides him with deep expertise in global retail chain management, including organizational leadership, store management, supply chain, logistics, distribution, merchandising, marketing, and strategy. We were also delighted to welcome C. Kim Goodwin to our Board of Directors in 2020. Her many years of experience in investment and nancial services provide her with strong analytical skills, business acumen, and experience in risk assessment and management, as well as a deep understanding of nancial markets and corporate strategies. José and Kim are excellent complements to our Board and we very much look forward to working with them as we continue to pursue TJX’s many avenues for global growth. We would like to sincerely thank our Associates worldwide for their efforts in 2020 and for their commitment to keeping our business running. We are also grateful to all of our customers for their patronage. Finally, we thank our fellow shareholders, vendors, and other business associates for their support throughout the year.



Carol Meyrowitz

Executive Chairman of the Board

Ernie Herrman

Chief Executive Officer and President
