DEAR SHAREHOLDER

Over the past year, home has become more important than ever. Whether it is a young couple buying their first home, a growing family needing more space, a retiree in search of a warmer climate, or a professional who can now work from where they always dreamed of living versus where their job had tethered them, Americans are buying new homes at a tremendous pace as they reevaluate their priorities and redefine the way they view life, work, and home. RECORD RESULTS The home buying surge that began in the spring of 2020 has more recently settled into a strong and steady pattern of what we believe is long-term, sustainable and solid demand. This trend—driven by compelling demographics, low interest rates, over a decade of housing underproduction, ongoing migration spurred by the work-from-home phenomenon, and the new appreciation for home—continues to offer tremendous growth opportunities for Toll Brothers. And our company is ready. In an environment of incredible demand, our strong land position, growing community count across over 60 markets in 24 states, and diverse array of luxury product offerings that serve everyone from first-time and move-up buyers to empty nesters and renters has positioned us to fulfill the needs and dreams of our broad range of customers. Then there is what really differentiates us and our luxury brand—what we define as “The Toll Brothers Advantage”—the prestigious locations of our communities, our distinctive architecture, the unrivaled choice we offer our buyers to personalize their homes, and our extraordinary customer service. Driven by these pillars of our brand and our targeted growth strategy, we produced record revenues, earnings, and new home contracts in FY 2021. We generated home building revenues of $8.4 billion and delivered 9,986 homes, up 22% and 18%, respectively. Our net income of $833.6 million, and earnings per share of $6.63 per share (diluted) increased 87% and 95%, respectively. Our adjusted gross margin1 improved to 25.0% from 23.5%. Our return on beginning equity rose 830 basis points to 17.1%, and we signed a record $11.5 billion of net new contracts, totaling 12,472 homes, up 44% and 26%, respectively—all compared to FY 2020. We achieved these results despite the significant disruptions in global supply chains for materials, not just in the home building industry, but across nearly all industries, and the shortages in labor in virtually all markets. In fact, in many markets, we deliberately slowed our sales pace to better balance our home production and delivery time frames, and to capture price increases as demand outpaced supply. Our FY 2021 results and our ongoing strategic expansion, both geographically and across product lines, provide a view into the bright future ahead for Toll Brothers in FY 2022. With a record FY 2021 year-end backlog value of $9.5 billion, or 10,302 homes, up 49% and 32%, respectively, versus FY 2020, we project 20% growth in revenues, 50% growth in earnings per share, and a return on beginning equity in excess of 20% in FY 2022. DRIVING GROWTH Toll Brothers offers the greatest product diversity in the homebuilding industry, which is helping fuel our growth. In addition to our well-established luxury and active adult (age 55+) product lines, we have been expanding our line of ‘affordable luxury’ upscale homes, efficiently designed to attract first-time, primarily millennial, buyers at a lower price point. This segment represented about 40% of our communities at FYE 2021. It is also noteworthy that nearly 30% of our deliveries in FY 2021 included at least one first-time buyer. Many of our buyers have enjoyed gains in the value of their existing homes and their investment portfolios, and are less sensitive to interest rate changes. Broadening our price points and product offerings has enabled us to expand to a wider range of markets. Over the past three years we have entered nine new markets, primarily in the South and West, through five builder acquisitions and through direct land purchases. In FY 2021, we acquired a local homebuilder to augment our operations in Las Vegas, Nevada, and also expanded into new markets by acquiring land in Spokane, Washington/ Coeur d’Alene, Idaho, St. George, Utah, San Antonio, Texas, and Long Island, New York. Our Toll Brothers Apartment Living (TBAL) division is now one of the premier rental apartment developers in the U.S. with expertise in urban and suburban rental communities and, through its Toll Brothers Campus Living platform, student housing as well. Since the start of FY 2020, TBAL has launched $2.3 billion of new development projects totaling approximately 6,550 units. Typically, TBAL operates in joint ventures, investing about 10% of each project’s total cost, and receives development fees and promoted interest as projects are monetized through a sale at stabilization. In FY 2021, TBAL and its joint venture partners sold five stabilized projects that generated over $100 million of net cash and $75 million of income from unconsolidated entities for Toll Brothers. In FY 2021, TBAL also announced a strategic partnership with Equity Residential, one of the largest REITS in the U.S., to develop rental projects in select markets over the next several years. INCREASING PROFITABILITY With our brand and reputation as America’s Luxury Home Builder, we believe our homes command a premium in the luxury market. Choice is more important than ever for our home buyers. We offer spectacular home designs that give buyers the ability to add home offices, fitness centers, multi-generational living suites, finished basements, loft spaces, indoor-outdoor lifestyle features, and more. Buyers can also personalize their home interiors by selecting appliances, lighting, flooring, fixtures, cabinets, smart home technologies, and many other items which are showcased in our model homes, our sales centers, and our 35 Toll Brothers Design Studios across the U.S. The average buyer added approximately $170,000, or 24% of the base price of their home, in lot premiums, structural, and design selections in FY 2021. We are focused on optimizing our home designs and curating our Design Studio offerings to improve the speed, ease, and efficiency of construction, while continuing to offer the stunning floorplans and architectural details that are hallmarks of the Toll Brothers brand. We are also utilizing technology to streamline the building, marketing, and purchasing of our homes to ensure a seamless and efficient home building and home buying process. IMPROVING CAPITAL EFFICIENCY In FY 2021, we continued to pursue strategies to drive capital efficiency and return on equity by controlling a greater percentage of our land through options rather than ownership. We owned or controlled nearly 80,900 lots at FYE 2021 compared to 63,200 at FYE 2020. Our percentage of optioned versus owned lots at FYE 2021 was 55%, a significant increase from 43% one year earlier. Our sound financial footing will also help us execute our strategy to drive growth, increase profitability, and improve capital efficiency. We ended FY 2021 with $3.45 billion of liquidity, including $1.64 billion of cash and $1.81 billion available under our $1.9 billion revolving bank credit facility, substantially all of which now matures in November 2026. At FYE 2021, our net debt-to-capital ratio1 was 25.1%, compared to 33.3% one year ago. We generated over $1.3 billion in cash flow from operations in FY 2021, which enabled us to reduce debt by approximately $400 million, repurchase approximately $378 million of stock during the fiscal year, and pay total dividends of $77 million, or roughly $0.62 per share. STRONG INDUSTRY FUNDAMENTALS As we look to the future, we believe strong demographics and constrained housing supply will remain key drivers of the long-term demand for our new homes. Every generation from millennial to baby boomer is spurring market demand. In addition, people continue to migrate from urban to suburban locales, catalyzed, in part, by accelerated growth in the western and southern regions of the U.S. At a time when home has never been more important, chronic housing undersupply issues persist. According to a 2021 report from the National Association of Realtors, the new home industry has underproduced by up to 6.8 million homes between 2010 and 2020 when compared to the new homes needed to keep up with the growth in household formations and to replace lost and obsolescent units. One result is that the average age of a home in the U.S. is now over 40 years old, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. This gives new homes a significant advantage in terms of their appeal, energy efficiency, technology, and floorplan designs that meet the needs of today’s buyers. We are well positioned for all of these trends with an expanded range of product lines and 340 selling communities in over 60 markets in 24 states at fiscal year-end. MANAGING FOR THE FUTURE In April 2021 we released our inaugural ESG Report (TollBrothers.com/ESG), setting a benchmark for our accomplishments on a range of environmental, social and governance matters. Since Toll Brothers was founded in 1967, we have taken seriously our responsibilities to the broader communities in which we build and to the environment. As an industry, home builders have an incredible opportunity to make a positive impact on our nation, both as developers bringing much-needed housing to a country with a tremendous housing shortage, and as major job creators as the nation’s economy rebounds from the challenges caused by the pandemic. At the same time, we have strengthened our commitment to diversity and inclusion at Toll Brothers though targeted recruitment, training, and talent management programs, as well as other companywide initiatives. In FY 2021, consistent with the management succession plan we put in place in 2019, we undertook a variety of leadership initiatives to plan for the future. Rob Parahus, who joined Toll Brothers in 1986 and previously served as Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Operating Officer, was promoted to President and Chief Operating Officer. Jim Boyd announced his retirement as Executive Vice President and Co-Chief Operating Officer after more than 30 years with the company. Stepping into Jim’s and Rob’s roles as Executive Vice Presidents are Karl Mistry and Seth Ring, who both joined Toll Brothers in 2004. They are proven leaders who will oversee our Eastern and Western regions, respectively. As another extraordinary year comes to an end, we want to thank our shareholders, capital providers, and trade partners for their continued support. We thank our customers for putting their trust in us for one of the most important purchases of their lives. And we thank the Toll Brothers team for their determination, creativity, and commitment that have made this a record year, and give us confidence and enthusiasm for the future. 

DOUGLAS C. YEARLEY, JR. 

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
