As always, our success is built on our S.T.E.E.L. Principles, beginning with our #1 core value of Safety First. Once again, we achieved record, industry-leading safety performance, with 0.06 OSHA Days Away from Work. We attribute this accomplishment to our hard-working employees and their commitment to achieve a zero-injury environment. We know this requires constant vigilance, and we are dedicated to ensuring rigorous training and protocols to ensure our workforce is kept safe. Getting to Best for All We began 2021 with the full acquisition of Big River Steel, a transaction that we boldly completed in the depths of pandemic uncertainty. Big River served as the foundation for our Best of BothSM model, combining competitive advantages from the integrated and mini mill steelmaking models, and is the catalyst to transition to our Best for All strategy, enhance our profitability, lower our carbon and capital intensity and produce sustainable steel solutions that serve all our stakeholders for the long-term. We are laser-focused on growing our competitive advantages in low-cost iron ore, mini mill steelmaking, and best-in-class finishing capabilities. Our low-cost iron ore assets are a key competitive advantage, and we are continuously seeking opportunities and exploring possibilities to extract additional value from the mines and keep up with increasing demand for virgin metallics consumption at our mini mills. In 2021, we had record production at our Keetac facility with 6 million net tons of iron ore pellets, while our Minntac facility produced 16 million net tons – the highest production in nearly a decade. The addition of mini mill steelmaking capabilities to our footprint in early 2021 contributed to our record performance in 2021, as our Big River Steel facility outperformed its mini mill peers and achieved record levels of profitability. This exceptional performance validated our strategy and we moved quickly to further expand our mini mill steelmaking advantage. In September, we began a site selection process to build a new state-ofthe-art mini mill in the United States. After careful consideration, we chose Osceola, Arkansas as the location for our new mini mill, and construction began in the first quarter of 2022. This mill will provide differentiated steelmaking supported by a comprehensive suite of finishing assets beginning in 2024. By accelerating our transition to more efficient mini mill steelmaking and adding capabilities, rather than capacity, we expect to further differentiate ourselves while improving our through-cycle profitability and lowering our capital and carbon intensity. In addition to expanding our mini mill steelmaking capabilities, we wasted no time in enhancing our existing sustainable steel technology at Big River Steel. Just months after completing the acquisition, we announced the addition of a non-grain oriented electrical steel line expected to begin production in the third quarter of 2023. We are investing to be a leader in NGO electrical steel to help our automotive customers support their growing fleet of electric vehicles. We also began construction of a new coating line expected to begin production in the second quarter of 2024. The new coating line will create opportunities to target the higher value construction market, as well as the appliance and automotive markets. Our bestin-class finishing capabilities will continue to serve our customers, including meeting their decarbonization goals, and set us apart from our competition. As we focus on expanding our competitive advantages, we continue to monitor the current landscape of our business to maximize value creation. In 2021, we continued our efforts to monetize non-core assets with the sale of our railroad subsidiary, Transtar, for approximately $640 million, reflecting significant valuation of the railroad business. This sale allowed us to further deleverage our balance sheet and focus on our core Best for All operations – mining and steelmaking. On the integrated steelmaking front, our focus remains on delivering record quality and reliability performance, to provide through-cycle services to our customers. This year, we saw the benefit of our asset revitalization investments over the past several years, as we reduced our unplanned delay rates to record lows for the past four years at the Gary and Mon Valley casters. Our customers depend on us for our operational excellence – and we continue to deliver. Strategy Meets Sustainability Our Best for All strategy is rooted in producing profitable solutions that benefit all our stakeholders, including our communities and planet. Our future investments are focused on low carbon emissions production and products that support the electrification of the world. And we continue working together with our customers to innovate new solutions for the future. We continue to enhance our disclosures and plans regarding our sustainability efforts in a number of ways. This year, we released our inaugural report following the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). This report supplements our annual Sustainability Report with a deep-dive into the assessment of our climate-related risks and opportunities and their integration into our business. We also were the first North American steel company to set an ambitious 2050 net zero goal, committing to finding sustainable solutions to the challenge of climate change. In addition, we have amended our credit facilities with sustainability targets in order to align our financial incentives with our sustainability performance commitments. We are dedicated to building a more sustainable future for our company, our communities and our planet. Financial Results Support Future Strategy Execution Our 2021 results demonstrate the long-term value creation of our transition to Best for All, achieving record earnings and margins, and ending the year with the highest ever cash and liquidity levels. Our stockholders reaped these benefits through an increase of our quarterly dividend to $0.05 per share, implemented in the third quarter, and through the $300 million share repurchase program authorization. In 2021, we delivered $173 million to our stockholders through direct returns. We also transformed our balance sheet in 2021 by repaying over $3.1 billion of debt. We permanently transferred approximately $280 million of pension liabilities off our balance sheet to mitigate risk, and maintain an overfunded pension plan, safeguarding the future for our employees. Of our remaining debt, 80% is due in 2029 and beyond, which positions us well to invest in the next phase of our Best for All value creation strategy. In Closing Thank you to all of our stakeholders – stockholders, customers, suppliers, employees and communities, for your continued interest in our business. The information contained in this Annual Report demonstrates the effectiveness of our Best for All strategy, and we look forward to continuing our journey to Best. Now let’s get back to work – safely.

David B. Burritt

CEO
