TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS:

2020 was a year of challenge and of change. The COVID-19 pandemic disrupted our industry, our company and our communities. It challenged us to work differently and find new ways to support our customers and each other. As we navigated the pandemic, our company moved through three distinct phases – responding to the crisis; recovering from the pandemic; and reimagining our business. In each phase, we were guided by a commitment to keeping our associates safe and delivering on our promise to help customers Make It. RESPONSE In the early days of the pandemic, as uncertainty mounted and business declined, we acted quickly to protect the health and safety of our workforce by directing associates who could work from home to do so and implementing safety measures to protect our frontline associates and customers. As our customers dealt with the impact of stay-at-home orders and indoor dining restrictions, we provided webinars and consultations to help them with pressing topics like applying for CARES Act funds, managing cash flow and taking advantage of the growing demand for off-premise dining. We also leveraged our supply chain resources to help the retail grocery industry fill shelves faster while creating new opportunities for our distribution workforce. We took several actions to increase liquidity, manage working capital and reduce expenses to align with the decrease in demand. This included deferred wage increases, temporary associate furloughs, and reductions in senior executive and board compensation. RECOVERY By the end of the second quarter, many parts of the country were seeing signs of recovery, and we pivoted to support our customers in new ways. Our Restaurant Reopening Blueprint helped customers navigate state and local reopening requirements and create a safer environment for staff and customers. We introduced innovative products to help operators expand their takeout offering and launched a ghost kitchens program to help operators increase offpremise dining and create a new revenue stream. We took advantage of our solid balance sheet to invest in inventory to provide better service levels and mitigate COVID-related volatility in vendor fill rates. And finally, as part of our recovery phase, we temporarily shifted our customer acquisition efforts to focus on the types of restaurants that were proving to be more resilient: larger national chains, as well as menu types and geographies best positioned to meet changing consumer habits.

REIMAGINE Addressing the many challenges of 2020 has helped us become a more agile and efficient company. Working together virtually has further broken down silos and allowed our associates to collaborate more easily across the business. We’ve learned to rapidly test new concepts and leverage technology to speed the adoption of best practices across the country. Reimagining also means enhancing our capabilities. We’re extending the fresh produce and center-of-plate expertise we acquired through the Food Group across our network to help grow our share of wallet with customers. Through the Smart Foodservice acquisition, we’re expanding our cash and carry channel, attracting new customers and driving incremental sales to our delivered business. Dining out is part of the fabric of our country. When the pandemic eases and restrictions are lifted, our scale, broad footprint and differentiated tools will position us well to take advantage of the recovery and create value for all our stakeholders. SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITIES As our country weathered COVID-19, economic uncertainty and civil unrest, we were pleased to play a role in supporting our local communities. To help those facing hunger, between March 2020 and December 2020, we donated more than $35 million of food and supplies to food banks and charitable organizations, including 125,000 pounds of food to help the Greater Chicago Food Depository bring food pantries to communities of color disproportionately affected by the pandemic and civil unrest. We continued our commitment to building a more diverse and inclusive workplace by expanding our Employee Resource Groups and, in June 2020, more than 1,000 associates participated in our first virtual, company-wide Allyship and Anti-Racism Workshop. You can read more about the progress we made across the People, Planet and Products pillars of our corporate social responsibility strategy at www.usfoods.com/csr. I would like to close by thanking our 26,000 associates for their unwavering dedication to fulfilling our promise of helping customers Make It. It is because of their hard work and resilience that US Foods rose to the many challenges of 2020 and that we are a stronger company today.

Sincerely,



Pietro Satriano 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
