Delivering Innovative and Sustainable Solutions Through Collaboration and Expertise Businesses across the globe continued to experience an unprecedented operating environment in 2021 with logistics challenges, a constrained supply chain, labor shortages, and rising costs, and we were not immune. Despite the challenges, our team remained focused on our strengths and collaborated successfully with our customers and suppliers to deliver record performance and above-market growth in our Packaging, Print, and Publishing segments. Our strength is our people. Our team is knowledgeable, hardworking, and resilient. With our expertise and ability to collaborate with the world’s most critical businesses, we deliver what others cannot. Our global sourcing capabilities, industry-leading suppliers, and internally managed supply chain are key differentiators. Our warehouse and transportation teams delivered products and services essential to the health and safety of our communities, all while maintaining industry-leading safety performance. Our office teams demonstrated their flexibility and dedication daily by supporting our operations from their homes. 2021 was a transformative year for Veritiv. We continued the successful execution of our multiyear strategy and accelerated our efforts to improve the customer experience and simplify how we operate. We substantially completed our restructuring plan to optimize our supply chain network around our customers’ locations to deliver operating efficiencies and significant annual savings. We increased our focus on collaborating with customers and suppliers to deliver more sustainable solutions. Finally, we expanded efforts to further engage our employees and enhance our work environment through a focus on communication, recognition, and building a more inclusive, equitable workplace. These efforts were critical in helping us deliver a record Adjusted EBITDA of $342.6 million, an 83% increase compared to 2020. We achieved record net income and record earnings per share of $144.6 million and $9.50, respectively, and the quality of our earnings continues to improve significantly as our restructuring efforts diminish and our operating results accelerate. We worked closely with our suppliers and customers to ensure timely passthrough of inflationary supplier cost increases, enabled by our disciplined approach to cost and price management. The result was record Adjusted EBITDA margins across all segments and our eighth consecutive quarter of year-overyear margin improvement. Cash and earnings growth resulted in record low net leverage, even with the successful execution of a $100 million share repurchase program to drive shareholder value. The operational changes we implemented over the past several years have significantly improved our business fundamentals and should provide a strong foundation for the future. The relentless execution of our strategy enabled us to successfully manage our Print, Publishing, and Facility Solutions businesses, transforming them into smaller yet more profitable businesses. Our focus on becoming a leading provider of value-added packaging goods and services from concept to delivery, combined with the scale and flexibility of our business model, has positioned us as the largest packaging distributor in North America. As we look to 2022 and beyond, we will continue to invest in highergrowth, higher-margin business across all our operating segments and further drive Packaging growth by building on our industry-leading capabilities and enhancing how we serve our customers. We also plan to significantly advance our initiatives to create healthier, safer, and more sustainable communities through our responsible operations and the expertise of our diverse team. As always, our Veritiv values will continue to guide our efforts to deliver services and solutions that make a more meaningful impact on our customers, our suppliers, and our communities.

Salvatore A. Abbate 

Chief Executive Officer
