WHEN I LAST WROTE TO YOU A YEAR AGO, VF CORPORATION AND OUR BRANDS WERE NEARLY THREE MONTHS INTO OUR RESPONSE TO THE CHALLENGES CREATED BY COVID-19 AND THE RESULTING GLOBAL SHUTDOWN. WE DIDN’T KNOW HOW THE PANDEMIC WOULD UNFOLD. WE DIDN’T KNOW HOW LONG IT WOULD LAST. BUT WE DID KNOW ONE THING: WE WERE DETERMINED NOT JUST TO SURVIVE THE SITUATION, BUT TO CAPITALIZE ON THE MOMENT, EMERGE EVEN STRONGER AND POSITION VF AND OUR BRANDS FOR THE NEXT CHAPTER IN OUR 122-YEAR HISTORY. Thanks to the incredible resilience and agility of our people, combined with our early actions to preserve liquidity and protect our balance sheet, today I can say with confidence that VF is indeed emerging from this crisis as a stronger, smarter and more focused enterprise. Throughout fiscal year 2021 (FY21), our teams remained sharply focused on executing their plans, and we continued to invest in our brands’ greatest opportunities to drive organic revenue across the portfolio. At the same time, we took bold, forward-looking actions to spark additional growth and value creation. Our acquisition of the Supreme® brand, for example, reinforced our vision and strategy to evolve our portfolio to align with the market opportunities we see driving the apparel and footwear sector. We also kicked off Project Enable – a multiyear initiative to evolve our organizational design to ensure we have the right capabilities, resources and talent in place to propel us forward. This work includes upskilling and reskilling parts of our workforce to equip them with the know-how to thrive in a digital-first world. Project Enable will help us accelerate our business model transformation and reduce our global cost structure by about $125 million over three years. OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS By any measure, the collective work of our associates to navigate FY21 was nothing short of remarkable. From a financial standpoint, we achieved global revenues of $9.2 billion, including the contribution from Supreme® in the fourth quarter. And our liquidity remains strong. We ended the year with approximately $1.4 billion in cash and short-term investments and approximately $2.2 billion remaining undrawn on our revolver. Just as important, we remained fully committed throughout the year to paying and growing our dividend. PURPOSE-LED AND PEOPLE-FIRST Along with our focus on business performance throughout the pandemic, we were determined to maintain our momentum in building our reputation as a purpose-led company that leads by example. We continued to activate our people-first approach throughout FY21. We prioritized the health and safety of our people worldwide, going to great lengths to support their mental and financial well-being. I’m extremely proud to say that even during the darkest days of the crisis, when nearly all our stores around the world were closed for months on end, not one of our retail associates was laid off or furloughed because of the pandemic. We also continued to meet our commitments to the communities we serve and the planet we all share. FY21 was a year of tremendous progress in our efforts around the world to advance environmental sustainability. We allocated the net proceeds from our €500 million green bond – the first in the apparel and footwear industry – toward VF’s eligible sustainability projects worldwide, as outlined in our Green Bond Framework. Collectively, these projects are helping to deliver meaningful environmental benefits. That has included the potential to avoid an estimated 16,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalents and 970 million liters of water consumption annually through our procurement of more sustainable materials. In addition, we announced our goal to eliminate all single-use plastic packaging, including polybags, by 2025. From that point on, all remaining nonplastic packaging used by VF and our brands would originate from sustainable sources and be designed for reuse or recyclability. “I’m extremely proud to say that even during the darkest days of the crisis, when nearly all our stores around the world were closed for months on end, not one of our retail associates was laid off or furloughed because of the pandemic.” 3VF Corporation Annual Report F ISCAL YEAR 2021 In FY21, we also published our first Human Rights Report in alignment with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights. It shares our due diligence efforts, lessons learned and a few stories about the lives we’ve touched in our efforts to be a force for good worldwide. We’re very proud of this work, and we aim to continuously improve as we uphold human rights in all our operations and across our global supply chain. Beyond the global pandemic, other events of last year laid bare the pervasive racial and socioeconomic injustices that plague our world, especially as they impact people of color. In response, VF and our brands took action to build on our inclusion and diversity work by establishing the Council to Advance Racial Equity (CARE). CARE spearheaded the development of a detailed plan comprising internal actions and programs, community partnerships and public policy initiatives to support three specific opportunity gaps: 1) access to education and advancement, 2) economic equity and 3) environmental justice. Although CARE is still young, we believe it will be a galvanizing force for our entire company as we take collective actions in the years ahead to fight for racial equity and social justice. “... we aim to continuously improve as we uphold human rights in all our operations and across our global supply chain.” ADVANCING OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES This time last year, I shared my belief that, despite the global disruptions and uncertainties caused by COVID-19, the four priorities that make up our business strategy were more relevant than ever. Our global teams’ accomplishments since then have further reinforced that belief. Ironically, the very challenges that negatively affected our business throughout FY21 also led us to accelerate progress against our strategy as we worked to become a more consumer-minded, retail-centric and hyper-digital organization – a company built to win in a post-pandemic world. Throughout the year, our teams focused their efforts on building and activating capabilities to create greater consumer understanding, digitize the go-to-market process, and enhance and integrate the online and offline consumer experience. The continued effects of the pandemic forced an ongoing reaffirmation of our priorities. And we remain committed to both near-term, brand-specific initiatives and longer-term, enterprisewide platform investments. Here’s a summary of how VF and our brands drove our business forward against our strategic priorities in FY21 and positioned ourselves for growth and success in the months and years ahead: DRIVING AND OPTIMIZING THE PORTFOLIO As we constantly invest in our brands’ ability to drive organic revenue and earnings growth, we also remain focused on driving inorganic growth by evolving our portfolio to align with near- and long-term global market opportunities. This is exactly what we did by acquiring Supreme® . In addition to that acquisition, we announced soon after the close of FY21 that we have entered a definitive agreement to sell our Occupational Workwear brands and businesses. This will give us greater financial flexibility to fuel our long-term strategic growth initiatives. Last year we also further refined our portfolio management strategy. To make VF more of an integrated brand-building company, we’ve grouped our brands into two categories: Core Brands and Emerging Brands. Our Core Brands (Vans® , The North Face® and Timberland® ) have different needs and therefore should be managed differently than our Emerging Brands (all other brands in our portfolio) – and vice versa. We complement this approach by continuing to explore disruptive technologies and new business model innovations that can benefit both our Core and Emerging Brands. DISTORTING INVESTMENTS TOWARD ASIA, WITH A HEIGHTENED FOCUS ON CHINA China is projected to become the world’s No. 1 apparel market by 2023. 6 We expect VF’s China business to grow from about 61% of our total APAC revenues today to nearly 80% by FY24. With this in mind, we bolstered our China operations by appointing VF’s first-ever President of Greater China. And we’re in the process of restructuring our APAC operations by moving our brands’ regional center from Hong Kong to Shanghai. This will enable our brands to strengthen their in-country presence and gain deeper insights into Chinese consumers. As part of this restructuring, we’re transitioning our Asia Product Supply Hub from Hong Kong to Singapore. And we’re redeploying some of our product supply talent and resources throughout our primary sourcing countries so they can work more closely with key suppliers and drive greater efficiency. ELEVATING DIRECT CHANNELS It’s no secret that the pandemic took online commerce to a whole new level. Our DTC business today represents 45% of VF’s total revenue, while our Digital DTC business now accounts for 22% and increased 67% (or 64% in constant dollars) compared to FY20, including the contribution from Supreme® . If you look at the combination of our own DTC Digital and Digital Wholesale businesses, total digital penetration reached nearly 30%. That’s a significant increase from 18% last year. These figures demonstrate how quickly the world turned online and how well our teams adapted to the new reality with incredible speed and agility. In fact, during a five-month period, our Digital Technology teams engineered homegrown solutions to enhance our e-commerce platform and stand up new omnichannel capabilities, including buy-online-pickupin-store (BOPIS), ship-from-store (SFS) and reserveonline-buy-in-store (ROBIS) programs. These new offerings further simplified the shopping experience for our consumers and enabled us to support retail inventory turnover through our digital channels when stores were closed – all of which helped to generate incremental revenue. At the same time, we know our physical stores are and will continue to be an integral part of our DTC strategy. That’s why we invested in our first multibranded store in Milan, which features select assortments from The North Face® , Timberland ® and Napapijri ® . This store also features cutting-edge technology that provides an unmatched shopping experience – a physical manifestation of our focus on elevating the way consumers engage with our brands in a blended online and offline world. We believe this retail concept represents the “store of the future” and shows how we’re evolving the in-store experience to meet new consumer demands and expectations. ACCELERATING OUR BUSINESS MODEL TRANSFORMATION Going into FY21, we were focused on accelerating the pace of our transformation while remaining agile enough to seize opportunities. COVID-19 set the stage for us to do both by developing and activating Project Pivot, a cross-brand, cross-region initiative to evolve our brands’ marketing, messaging and overall consumer engagement strategies. In the early weeks of the global shutdown, each brand quickly evolved its marketing program to more fully align with shifts in consumer sentiment that were influenced by the pandemic and external social justice issues. Project Pivot enabled us to create more connected ways of working across our brands and functions that we’ve already begun to apply in other areas, helping all brands become even more responsive to market conditions and consumer inputs. In addition, we continued our hyper-digital journey with several key technology upgrades. These include the establishment of a central consumer data platform that’s accessible to all brands and that enables them to understand consumers more deeply and to engage with them in more meaningful and personal ways. And, we leveraged new technologies and processes to further digitize our go-to-market approach with advancements in 3D design and development, virtual product reviews and sales meetings, and digital printing capabilities that shorten production calendars. IN CLOSING … I write this letter with a strong sense of optimism. We believe there are tail winds ahead for VF. And our brands are uniquely positioned to address certain evolutions in consumer behaviors and value systems, including a growing emphasis on health and wellness, a rising demand for sustainable products and a return to the outdoors and active lifestyles. As I reflect on where we’ve been, I’d like to thank our 40,000 associates. They were faced with unimaginable challenges but handled every one with remarkable grace and grit. I especially want to thank our distribution center colleagues who literally kept our business running throughout the crisis. They enabled us to keep delivering our products and, as a result, maintain our strong connections with consumers by meeting their needs during challenging times. To our Board of Directors, thank you for your continued partnership, support and guidance – especially in those anxious early months of the pandemic. It’s meant more to me than I can say. Finally, I extend my gratitude to you – our shareholders and stakeholders. Thank you for placing your trust in VF Corporation. We remain committed to honoring that trust by driving performance that creates consistent value for you. As we turn the page on a challenging fiscal year, we also turn our attention to the future and the many opportunities we will pursue as a better, stronger VF.

Steven E. Rendle 

Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer
