Dear Fellow Vistra Stockholders, There is no doubt that 2021 was a challenging year; however, in many ways, 2021 was also a pivotal one. We began the year facing the hardships presented by Winter Storm Uri (Uri), but with our t f d di t d l t th team of dedicated employees, we came together to not only confront and mitigate the impact but also grow from the experience. Back in 2016, when Vistra emerged from bankruptcy we embarked on a strategy emphasizing a strong balance sheet as one of the cornerstones of the company. That strategic priority enabled us to withstand Uri and get back on track in a relatively short period of time. After understanding the full impact of Uri, we began a comprehensive process in the second quarter of 2021 to review our strategic direction and approach to capital allocation. As a result of this process, we identified and prioritized four key strategic imperatives: 1. Accelerating our zero-carbon growth pipeline with cost-effective capital 2. Returning significant capital to stockholders from our core business 3. Maintaining a strong balance sheet 4. Driving long-term, sustainable value through Vistra’s integrated business model By year-end, we had delivered squarely on each of these four strategic imperatives, and I’ll touch on each in the following pages to highlight our performance in 2021 and the prospects for the future of our company. Accelerating our Zero-Carbon Growth Pipeline with Cost-Effective Capital Vistra has established itself as a leader in ESG and the clean energy transition with our Vistra Zero carbon-free generation portfolio and our many green retail products and solutions we offer to customers. We continue to focus on opportunities to grow our business responsibly through economically attractive investments that contribute to our decarbonization goals, including achieving net zero by 2050, while also delivering commensurate returns and value for all stakeholders. In 2021, we reinforced our commitment to growing our renewable and battery storage portfolio to support the broader decarbonization of the U.S. economy, maintain the reliability and affordability of electricity, and enhance the long-term sustainability of Vistra. In December, we published our Green Finance Framework, which enables us to issue green financial instruments to fund new or existing renewable and energy efficiency projects. We then successfully launched an attractively priced and upsized $1 billion of Green Perpetual Preferred Stock—the first green preferred stock offering from a U.S. corporate issuer—to fund existing and new eligible green projects, including our renewable and battery storage development projects. Ultimately, this capital infusion will fund a portion of the development pipeline of several zero-carbon projects in our Vistra Zero portfolio in a costeffective manner. In connection with the Green Perpetual Preferred Stock offering, we announced our intention to grow Vistra Zero to at least 7,300 megawatts by 2026, with ~2,900 MW currently online (including our 2,300 MW low-cost nuclear facility, Comanche Peak). The $5 billion investment in Vistra Zero through 2026 is projected to contribute $450–$500 million of Adjusted EBITDA1 annually by year-end 2026 (in addition to Adjusted EBITDA1 generated by Comanche Peak). We intend to fund these development projects primarily through project financing, supplemented by Vistra Zero project cash flows and the net proceeds of the Green Perpetual Preferred Stock offering. Vistra’s green and sustainable growth strategy through Vistra Zero is bolstered by our ability to use our existing sites, including repurposing retired or to-be-retired sites, which have existing access to transmission infrastructure. Key development announcements and progress of our Vistra Zero projects in 2021 include: In California: • Moss Landing Energy Storage Facility continues to expand—Phases I (300 MW) and II (100 MW) both achieved commercial operations in 2021, and in February 2022, we announced further expansion through Phase III (350 MW), bringing the site’s total energy storage capacity to 750 MW/3,000 MWh. We have the potential to eventually reach 1,500 MW, supporting the state of California’s electricity needs. We experienced certain operational delays as the water-based heat suppression systems improperly leaked water on a small percentage of the battery modules, temporarily taking Phases I and II offline. However, we have identified the issues, are taking corrective actions, and expect to be storing and releasing energy to support California’s grid during the all-important 2022 summer season. In Illinois: • A three-year effort culminated in the passage of an omnibus energy package that included our Illinois Coal to Solar & Energy Storage Initiative. As enacted, the legislation supports Vistra’s future construction and operation of up to 300 MW of utility-scale solar and 150 MW of battery energy storage facilities at nine retired or to-be-retired coal plant sites across central and southern Illinois. The initiative will also include diverse suppliers while bringing a much-needed property tax base to local communities. In Texas: • Our Electric Reliability Council of Texas (ERCOT) 1,000 MW Phase I projects, announced in September 2020, took shape with three projects scheduled to achieve commercial operations prior to summer 2022: 50 MW Brightside Solar Facility 108 MW Emerald Grove Solar Facility 260 MW DeCordova Energy Storage Facility • We also grew the Vistra Zero portfolio in Texas by acquiring the to-be-constructed 110 MW Angus Solar Facility, expected online in 2023. We believe Vistra is exactly the kind of company that should be embraced as a leader in the energy transition—our track record includes responsibly and justly retiring carbon-emitting resources, reclaiming sites, and investing in new green technology and resources. Since 2010, Vistra has retired more than 12,000 MW of coal and gas power plants, resulting in a 45% reduction of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions through year-end 2020, compared to a 2010 baseline. Additionally, we have announced the expected retirement of nearly 8,000 MW of additional fossil-fueled power plants by 2027, for a total of ~20,000 MW since 2010, with plans to repurpose feasible sites to solar and energy storage developments. We are confident that our diversified asset mix will support the reliability of the electric system while providing customers with affordable energy that meets their sustainable preferences throughout the clean energy transition. Returning Significant Capital to Stockholders Our long-term capital allocation plan reflects an anticipated return of capital of at least $7.5 billion to our common stockholders through year-end 2026. In October 2021, our board of directors approved a $2 billion share repurchase program, which we are on track to fully execute by year-end 2022. The share repurchase program is partially funded by the $1 billion of 8% preferred equity we issued in October 2021, and as announced on our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call, Vistra had repurchased ~$764 million of the $2 billion as of Feb. 22, 2022, resulting in a 7% reduction in shares outstanding since our previously reported share count as of Nov. 2, 2021. Once we conclude this initial $2 billion share repurchase plan, we then expect to allocate at least an average of $1 billion per year toward share repurchases from 2023 through 2026 for a total of at least $6 billion in five years. Vistra’s core business is expected to generate on average $3+ billion per year of Adjusted EBITDA1 and we expect to convert 60–70%+ of Adjusted EBITDA1 to free cash flow, affording the significant cash flow to return to shareholders, especially since the Vistra Zero growth will be funded by internally generated Vistra Zero cash flow and third-party capital. Hence, our philosophy is simple and straight forward—for as long as we believe our stock is undervalued, we will dedicate significant cash flow from our core business to repurchase our shares. Our capital allocation plan also reinforced our O commitment to pay a meaningful and growing dividend. In October 2021, we announced our intent to allocate $300 million per year toward our common dividend. We anticipate this dividend policy will offer greater dividend yield growth for stockholders rather than identifying a target annual growth rate as we retire shares through our ongoing g repurchases. This $300 million dividend pool will be spread over fewer shares, providing growth in dividend yield on the remaining shares. Our first quarter 2022 dividend of $0.17 per share of Vistra’s common stock, represents a ~13% increase in the company’s quarterly common stock dividend per share from its first quarter 2021 dividend. Maintaining a Strong Balance Sheet Vistra has always focused on a strong balance sheet, and it will remain a priority. A strong balance sheet provided the support we needed to withstand the hardships brought by Uri. Immediately following Uri, we executed financing transactions to support our liquidity needs, increasing our net debt by just over $2 billion. However, just a few months later, we announced as part of our capital allocation plan that we expect to further reduce corporate-level debt by ~$1.5 billion by year-end 2022 with plans to retire up to ~$3 billion of corporate-level debt in five years. By year-end 2021, we had already decreased corporate-level debt by ~$625 million and we believe we will approach pre-Uri debt levels by year-end 2022. We project that we will be able to maintain leverage in our current range of 3–3.5 times net debt to Adjusted EBITDA1 in the nearterm and reach the mid- to high-2s over the next five years, exclusive of the leverage to support the Vistra Zero growth. Driving Long-Term, Sustainable Value Through Vistra’s Integrated Business Model Vistra’s integrated model—a best-in-class generation fleet and premier retail business that we have grown and expanded over the past five years—provides the foundation and cash flow that support the three strategic priorities detailed above. We have always believed in the value of our integrated operations, and we remain confident that the pairing of our low-cost, efficient, and diversified generation fleet—including our growing zero-carbon business—with our customer-centric retail platform and best-in-class commercial capabilities is the optimal way to maintain resiliency and create value for our stockholders. In fact, the uniquely low maintenance capital and operations and maintenance expense required to produce the $3 billion+ of Adjusted EBITDA1 affords us a significant amount of free cash flow to support a diverse capital allocation plan with an emphasis on returning capital to financial stakeholders. Financial Execution We entered 2021 on the heels of an outstanding 2020 where we achieved results above the high end of our raised guidance range and marked the fifth year in a row that our financial results exceeded the midpoint of our Adjusted EBITDA from Ongoing Operations1 guidance range. Uri led to a confluence of unpredictable events, exposing issues with the integrated natural gas and electric systems in the Texas ERCOT market, including impaired gas deliverability, challenging the financial strength we had worked hard to put in place. We faced the challenge and stabilized the company, and then immediately got back to work significantly offsetting the Uri financial impact and getting the company back on the path of exceptional performance and creating long-term shareholder value. To mitigate the financial impact of Uri, we identified various self-help initiatives, including the monetization of certain commercial positions, optimizing spend on our generation O&M project work, retail cost savings and margin performance, and support group cost savings, culminating in value creation that exceeded our $500 million target. In addition, we have also been very active in the Texas 2021 legislative and ongoing regulatory deliberations regarding Uri, which, among other accomplishments, resulted in Vistra being allocated ~$544 million in ERCOT securitization payments. The self-help and securitization efforts resulted in an improvement following Uri of over $1 billion. These efforts also helped de-risk the integrated Texas natural gas and power systems reducing the potential volatility in the Texas ERCOT market and Vistra’s financial and operating performance. In the end, we reported 2021 Adjusted EBITDA from Ongoing Operations1 of $1,941 million, including the impacts from Uri-related retail bill credit settlements resulting in high returns to Vistra. Excluding the $53 million related to these settlements, 2021 Adjusted EBITDA from Ongoing Operations1 was $1,994 million, slightly favorable to the November revised and tightened midpoint of guidance. Under very difficult circumstances following Uri, we executed and accomplished exactly what we set out to do: stabilize the company and recover as much lost value as possible in order to put our company back on track to maximize our financial results for our stockholders. Generation During the week of Uri, our Texas generation fleet, which makes up 18% of the capacity available in ERCOT, provided between 25–30% of the power on the grid, far exceeding our market share. Unfortunately, the financial results did not match this performance due to the failures of the natural gas system and the uneven allocation of customer curtailments in ERCOT. Our employees went to extraordinary efforts, working around-the-clock in sub-freezing temperatures to keep our assets running and to maintain and restore power for the people of Texas. This was achieved while also effectively managing COVID-19 at all plant sites and constantly tracking and adjusting to CDC and OSHA recommendations. Vistra finished the year with commercial availability, a measure of the fleet’s ability to meet demand during the highest margin hours, of ~92%—very strong performance for a fleet with the characteristics of ours. In 2021, Vistra continued our operations performance improvement (OPI) initiative, realizing $500 million of savings—a $275 million increase from the 2018 projection established with the Dynegy merger. OPI is now a part of our DNA with continuous idea generation and conversion of ideas to executable opportunities on a regular basis. Focused on learnings from Uri, we enhanced and further de-risked our fleet by investing more than $50 million in 2021, with execution beginning on another $30 million in 2022. These expenditures include the addition of onsite backup fuel at six plants with enough fuel for several days, additional offsite gas storage, and several actions to guard against severe weather impacts on critical equipment. Our people are our most important asset, and their safety is our highest priority. Vistra’s plants operated safely throughout the year—a testament to our “Best Defense” mindset which puts safety above all else. Through the team’s efforts, Vistra ended the year without any serious injuries or fatalities to our Vistra employees or business partners working at our sites. Our focus on safety is further highlighted with 12 power plant sites achieving VPP Star status from OSHA, demonstrating superior efficacy of their safety and health management systems, and maintaining injury and illness rates below industry average. In 2021, we introduced the VPP process to five new facilities, and four of our power plants submitted VPP applications that are awaiting OSHA review. Retail Vistra’s retail business rose to the challenge as well while maintaining our customer-centric approach despite the challenges of COVID-19 and Uri. During Uri, we assured customers they would be insulated from storm-related rate increases, donated $5 million to support our communities in need, and provided bill-pay assistance. By year end, Vistra’s retail business grew ERCOT residential counts by ~23,000 customers, the highest organic growth we’ve seen since 2008. Most of this growth was within our flagship retail brand TXU Energy, demonstrating the strength of our brand promise and continued importance to our customers. This was also a standout year for our two largest retail brands, with the launch of several first-tomarket customer-centric products and others designed for increased use of electricity to fuel vehicles. • Ambit’s Winter Break plan gives customers in the Midwest and Northeast savings when they need it most by offering 50% off all winter long. • Ambit Energy Bank gives Texas customers yearround control and predictability. • TXU Energy continued to broaden its most imitated product portfolio with the launch of TXU Energy Freedom Rewards. This first-of-its-kind plan allows customers to earn 30% in free electricity for every dollar they spend on energy charges, automatically, all year long. • TXU Energy EV Pass is designed specifically for electric vehicle owners. Innovation remains a pillar of our retail business. As electric vehicle adoption takes off, we’ll continue to develop products and partnerships to attract this important segment of customers. Additionally, we saw an increase in customers buying more than just electricity from us in 2021, growing our business of value-added products such as HVAC maintenance, home warranties, and surge protection plans. Vistra’s approach to value-added services has been to partner with companies providing these services, earning a percentage of margin, rather than owning and competing in these businesses which have their own challenges and require their own sets of capabilities. This approach also allows us to be nimble and make changes while improving our offerings if the situation dictates. We believe this is the most cost-effective manner to broaden our product offering and protect our balance sheet and brands. ESG Accomplishments Before I close, while our business portfolio transformation is a key element of our sustainability strategy, I would be remiss if I did not highlight other ESG accomplishments we achieved this year: • Named one of America’s Most JUST Companies, by JUST Capital and its media partner CNBC, for a commitment to serving workers, customers, communities, the environment, and stockholders. • Honored with 2021 Texan by Nature 20 designation by the conservation non-profit Texan by Nature for a demonstrative commitment to conservation and sustainability. • Received the 2021 Excellence in Surface Coal Mining Reclamation Award from the Office of Surface Mining Reclamation & Enforcement, a bureau of the U.S. Department of the Interior, for work done to reclaim and restore previously mined land at Monticello-Winfield Mine. The award recognizes companies that achieve the most exemplary coal mine reclamation in the nation. • Joined Disability:IN, the leading non-profit resource for business disability inclusion worldwide, reinforcing commitment to equality and inclusion at Vistra. • Continued year two of a five-year, $10 million commitment to support organizations that grow minority-owned small businesses, enhance economic development, and provide educational opportunities for students from diverse backgrounds. • Advanced diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) in the workplace through strengthening internal hiring and recruiting practices through numerous initiatives including training for hiring managers and partnerships with minority-serving institutions. • Incorporated an ESG Index, with a 10% weighting, into Vistra’s compensation scorecard, ensuring accountability all the way to the top of the company. Conclusion We continue to believe that the most effective and sustainable companies have a well-balanced focus on a variety of stakeholders including you—our investors—and our customers, communities, people, and suppliers. We are supplying a vital product to society, and we must balance that crucial role with our environmental footprint. In 2021, we advanced our company in many important ways, especially in the areas represented by ESG. Although we endured an unprecedented weather event that resulted in a significant financial impact and a temporary loss of value, we finished the year strong, fully recovering the loss in value of our stock from Uri by year end. Ultimately, I am most proud of how this company responded to the impacts from Uri, most of which were uncontrollable, and continued to live our core principles of doing business the right way, competing as a team to win, and caring for all of our stakeholders. We never wavered and we did not give up, and we are now back on track with our stock price continuing to respond favorably to our new and improved capital allocation plan. We cannot change what happened during Uri, but we can and did learn from it, de-risking and strengthening our company for the future. We completed 2021 with a clear strategic direction as a leader in the clean energy transition coupled with a capital allocation plan that we believe will provide exceptional value to our stockholders for years to come. We begin 2022 from a position of strength for which we can all be proud. It was with this strength in mind that on March 21, 2022, I announced that I will be transitioning the role of CEO to my colleague, Jim Burke. Leading Vistra has been the most rewarding experience of my 40-year career. I remain excited about the long-term opportunity ahead as Vistra returns significant capital to investors while transitioning our fleet to lower carbon resources. Jim is a proven leader who possesses deep experience in our company and industry and understands the company’s commitment to all our stakeholders. I’m excited to watch him lead Vistra to continued success. Thank you for your interest in Vistra—as always, we look forward to its future!

Curt Morgan 

Chief Executive Officer
