2020 was a year unlike one we have ever experienced; it was unique. Our Company’s focus on risk-adjusted return continued, but our efforts for much of the year centered on the inherent risks of COVID-19 and how it impacted our employees, customers and our enterprise as well as the communities in which we operate. We delivered satisfactory economic returns, but some of our proudest achievements are directly related to our colleagues’ support of the communities in which we work. Overnight, almost all of our enterprise began operating remotely and has continued to do so. We modified our operating systems to make the changes seamless and the quality of our service and delivery of our insurance products did not miss a beat. The Company was supportive of our agents and brokers, while helping them deal with this extraordinary environment. We contributed millions of dollars to various not-for-profit organizations, including food banks and medical service providers. Our employees volunteered within their communities, providing local support to thousands of people. We continued to reach out to all of our constituents during this very difficult time. The year was also complicated because of the U.S. Presidential election. This created an increasing level of anxiety and uncertainty. The political turmoil had global impact on the world economy and global trade. In an industry that prospers best with predictability, these levels of uncertainty made operating more complicated. At the same time, global economic policy, which was built on deficit spending and drove down interest rates, created new risks for our business. Record low interest rates resulted in low investment returns and at the same time we were faced with increased risks of both financial and social inflation. The overall environment is clearly the place to start when examining 2020. The two issues already mentioned above caused tremendous adverse impact on economic activity. Many businesses closed. In-person business transactions came to a virtual stop; restaurants and entertainment still have not reopened to anything approaching the pre-COVID level. Unemployment levels inclusive of those people who left the job market are close to 10%. All this has resulted in enormous government stimulation with the concomitant government deficits in the trillions of dollars. The deficits have been exacerbated by the fact that, in this political year, more spending was the one thing most politicians could agree upon. As we entered the second half of 2020 with vaccines on the horizon, optimism took hold and markets rebounded. Interest rates continued to stay at record lows supported by the Federal Reserve and modest improvements in the business world became visible. Simultaneously, the housing market began to rebound substantially, further stimulating economic activity. The country was not yet doing well, but generally people were optimistic and those who invested in the tech side of the equities market were doing incredibly well. The stock market was at record highs and interest rates were at record lows. The politics of the election became ugly. Questions were raised about our democratic institutions and about our democracy itself, further increasing the overall level of social anxiety and uncertainty. To some, these questions seemed unwarranted and to others it was a responsibility of our society to ask these questions. We are on a better path now that the vaccine has been distributed to well over 15% of the U.S. population and the election is resolved. While dealing with these societal issues, the Company had to make many adjustments. We activated all of our plans to operate remotely and within a relatively short period of time, practically all of our businesses were operating on a remote basis, delivering our products and services to all of our agents, brokers and insureds. Many of our activities required some modification and clearly these changes tested the culture of teamwork that is the hallmark of our enterprise. We were able to transform our companies to operate successfully. Many of our employees did volunteer work for those less fortunate and frequently we stepped in to provide specific assistance to some of our agents and brokers who had special issues in this new virtual environment. We are incredibly proud of the effort everyone put forth; not just in helping our enterprise, but also in helping so many colleagues get through this difficult time. We are not yet through the COVID-19 event but we are well on our way. We have gotten to where we are only because of the enormous effort put forth by our employees, who helped us work through this complicated, stressful period. The financial results of the business were generally satisfactory given the circumstances of the year. Overall investment income was down primarily because of our shortened duration and declining interest rates. We made the conscious decision to shorten our duration, which reduced the risk of capital loss if interest rates increase in the future, as we expect. Our private equity and fund investing delivered excellent returns. Our arbitrage account had its best year in a decade. In addition, we sold one consequential real estate investment for a substantial gain. We continue to evaluate our real estate portfolio in an opportunistic fashion, and at the same time we are examining new opportunities in non-traditional investments that offer higher returns than fixed income securities. Assessment of risk is critical if one hopes to be a successful investor. We continue to seek out opportunities that can provide improved returns to our shareholders. In this transitional process, we have substantially increased our liquidity with over 15% of our portfolio in cash and short-term securities. We expect, over the next 12 months, to find improving risk-adjusted returns for much of these funds. The cornerstone of our business has always been outstanding insurance underwriting results. We select lines of business that offer opportunities for above-average profitability. In addition, our risk selection process, executed by experienced underwriters, allows us to achieve loss ratios that are more attractive than the industry average. At the same time, we focus on delivering outstanding service from the beginning of the underwriting process right through and including the handling of claims. The end result has generally allowed our Company to have underwriting results well above the industry average. It is still incumbent upon us to manage the expenses of running our business at a level where we continue to be competitive and we must deliver first-quality service in the most timely fashion. 2020 was not a year where the basics were enough. Pressure from low interest rates and the need to raise rates to deal with potential increasing social inflation and financial inflation required management not just to pay attention to pricing, but to search for opportunities to grow in an economy that provided little growth on its own. As we worked our way through the year, we consciously reserved for the uncertainties that we saw ahead of us and pushed forward to help assure that we would be well situated to capitalize on all the opportunities that presented themselves in the future. We feel we were able to do that in 2020 and we are prepared to seize the opportunities to improve our profitability and grow our business. 2020 was not the year we hoped for. Our return on capital was down substantially, primarily because investment income declined as a result of lower interest rates and a shorter-duration portfolio as well as losses related to COVID-19. We used this opportunity to carefully prepare our Company for 2021 and the years ahead. We are optimistic about every aspect of our enterprise. We could not have gotten through all these difficult times without the incredible commitment of our employees, the guidance of our Board, the support of our agents and brokers, and our ongoing relationships with our customers. We thank all of them for helping us get through this challenging time and we look forward to better years ahead.

W. Robert Berkley, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer
