To Our Shareholders, Employees, and Business Partners

A year ago, I reported that 2020 would be remembered as Wesco’s watershed year with the acquisition of Anixter International doubling our size and changing our trajectory forever. Scale is critical in distribution and we made great progress combining two powerhouses into an industry leader to create substantial value for our customers, supplier partners, employees, investors, and the communities in which we operate. Now more than 18 months post-merger, the power of this transformational combination is even more clear and compelling. Wesco’s performance in 2021 was exceptional and laid the foundation for the extraordinary value creation opportunity that lies before us. We achieved record sales and profitability last year, significantly growing above pre-pandemic levels, and delivered a 68% stock price return to our stockholders. Since completing the merger in June 2020 through the end of 2021, our stock price is up an even more impressive 250%. We have been executing a complex integration plan with speed, agility and discipline, while growing our business and winning in the marketplace. Our newfound scale, comprehensive product and value-added service offerings, broad and deep supplier relationships, and technical expertise are critical differentiators that benefit our customers. When combined with our integration plan and digital transformation, they become key catalysts for our continued market outperformance and lasting value creation for all our stakeholders. We have been executing a complex integration plan with speed, agility and discipline, while growing our business and winning in the marketplace. In 2021, we generated double-digit sales growth and expanded profit margins, capturing both sales and cost synergies well ahead of expectations and across all three of our businesses: Electrical and Electronic Solutions, Communications and Security Solutions, and Utility and Broadband Solutions. This profit strength enabled us to rapidly de-lever ahead of schedule and strengthen our balance sheet while investing in our digital transformation. All of this has been accomplished under the cloud of the pandemic and global supply chain challenges. I am truly proud of our team’s commitment to our vision of the new Wesco, and for their focus on providing our customers with the products, services, and supply chain solutions that they need. Our 18,000 associates did an outstanding job of activating our global resources and capabilities, developing innovative solutions, and maintaining a relentless focus on execution, while providing exceptional customer service. We are still in the early days of beginning to realize our vision of becoming the best tech-enabled supply chain solutions provider in the world, and we remain laser-focused on the continued effective execution of our strategies: • Integrating the business and building world-class capabilities • Strengthening the organization and our culture of excellence • Digitalizing and transforming the business Integrating the Business and Building World-Class Capabilities We are only at the midpoint of our integration plan, but our progress is accelerating, as the new Wesco utilizes its leading position, expanded portfolio, integration execution, and digital transformation investments to build a growth engine that is both resilient and sustainable. Effective execution of our integration plan has consistently delivered results above expectations over the last 18+ months. Our cost synergy target has been increased three times since the merger close, and now is tracking over 50% above our original target. Our pipeline of cross-sell opportunities also continues to build, such that our sales synergy target has been increased twice, and is now tracking to nearly 4X our original target. The dramatic changes resulting from our integration program are repositioning the new Wesco as a growth company with structurally higher margins. Our company branding strategy has also been developed and is being deployed this year. It is expected that our stakeholders will recognize our new brand as modern and progressive, and one that will drive value for years to come. It is emblematic of the start of a new era of superior growth and value creation for our company. Strengthening the Organization and Our Culture of Excellence Our culture has also entered a new era. Our new mission, vision and values are in place, and our teams are embracing our more dynamic culture of speed, agility and innovation, as well as our increased focus on inclusion and diversity. We were recognized by Fortune as one of the World’s Most Admired Companies in our industry, and by Forbes as one of the World’s Best Employers and one of America’s Best Employers for Women, again in 2021 and 2022. For the last four years, we have been included in Bloomberg’s Gender Equality Index. And, our Business Resource Groups, created to better leverage our diversity and further our culture of inclusivity, had a strong first year. These highly engaged teams of associates developed programs and provided opportunities for every employee to be heard and supported within our organization. To further advance our commitment to diversity, we joined the National Minority Supplier Development Council last year to work with diverse businesses that bring unique ideas and capabilities to help us meet our customers’ needs. Finally, we published our first, combined-company sustainability report in 2021. We achieved our previous company targets for greenhouse gas emissions, waste reduction, and best-in-class safety metrics ahead of schedule. More importantly, we set improvement goals for 2030 designed to drive a better, more sustainable future for our stakeholders. As an integrated B2B distributor and supply chain solutions company, we don’t have the significant environmental exposure of a manufacturing company. We do, however, assist our customers in meeting their environmental and sustainability goals, through the products we sell and the services we provide. Digitalizing and Transforming the Business We are digitally transforming our business to propel growth into the next decade and beyond.  Our digital transformation is designed to enable new ways of working, create new business models, and put Wesco at the center of the global supply chain technology ecosystem. Offering industry-leading digital solutions is a breakout opportunity for us and where we expect to create substantial value for our stakeholders. Unlocking the power of our big data using artificial intelligence and machine learning will be a critical differentiator. New business models based on digital products and experiences, a cloud-agnostic architecture, and best-of-the-best digital platform features are expected to give us deeper insights so that we can better anticipate customer needs and respond even faster to trends and developments in the market. Our digital transformation is designed to enable new ways of working, create new business models, and put Wesco at the center of the global supply chain technology ecosystem. As we digitally transform our company, we will also accelerate the digital transformation of our industry and value chain. Capitalizing on Secular Trends for Long-Term Growth Our key catalysts for growth are further amplified by attractive secular trends that are foundational for the global economy in the years ahead. We are exceptionally well-positioned to take advantage of these emerging trends and deliver above-market returns. Key focus areas of opportunity include electrification, automation and IoT, green energy and grid modernization, 24/7 connectivity and security, and the push for moving more production and manufacturing operations back to North America. Along with digitalization, these secular trends provide outstanding future long-term growth opportunities for the new Wesco. Continuing Positive Momentum Into 2022 and Beyond As a result of the transformational combination of Wesco and Anixter, we have built strong positive momentum over the last 18+ months, and that has carried into 2022. We are still in the early stages of unlocking the power and performance of the new Wesco. These are exciting times for our company, and our future has never been brighter. Thank you to our shareholders for your continued confidence and investment in Wesco. Thank you to our supplier partners and customers for your continued support and trust. And, thanks to every member of our Wesco team for all that you do to serve customers and communities every day around the world.

John J. Engel 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
