DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS: This past fiscal year was certainly one for the record. The WestRock team delivered record revenue while navigating through the challenges of the pandemic, ransomware, inflation and supply chain disruptions. We successfully managed through it all with a focus on partnering with our customers and helping them navigate this changing environment. In the midst of all of the events in fiscal 2021, I am pleased to report that our business remains very strong. WestRock serves a wide range of end markets with the broadest portfolio of packaging solutions in the industry, and this provides us with greater opportunity and flexibility to focus on growing markets where customers value our differentiation. We are more resilient because of our broad mix of products and customers, and our unique capabilities and manufacturing footprint enable us to serve our customers’ needs for primary, secondary and tertiary packaging solutions. FISCAL 2021 HIGHLIGHTS Fiscal 2021 was a year of opportunities and challenges. Demand was very strong across most of our end markets, and we delivered net sales for the year of $18.7 billion and Adjusted Segment EBITDA of $3 billion. We generated Adjusted Free Cash Flow of $1.5 billion, the sixth consecutive year in which we generated more than $1 billion in Adjusted Free Cash Flow. We reduced Adjusted Net Debt by $1.3 billion to $7.7 billion and returned to our targeted debt ratio ahead of schedule. Given our consistent free cash flow generation, we increased our dividend, raising it 20% in May and then again in November, for a total increase of 25% since February. We also repurchased $122 million of stock, or 2.4 million shares. During fiscal 2021, we completed our investments at our mills in Florence, South Carolina, and Tres Barras, Brazil. We will continue to realize increasing benefits from these investments in fiscal 2022 and beyond. As I reflect on our performance in fiscal 2021, I am impressed by and grateful for the resilience and dedication of the WestRock team. This team remained focused on safety and worked together to provide the sustainable, fiber-based paper and packaging solutions our customers need. LEADING IN SUSTAINABILITY We also advanced our sustainability efforts during fiscal 2021. Many of our consumer brand customers face growing demands for sustainable packaging. Others are seeking new ways to improve their supply chain and reduce the materials in their packaging to increase efficiency. Regardless of the need, WestRock is unique in our ability to provide a wide variety of sustainable packaging solutions with the broadest portfolio of products in our industry. In addition, we are investing in innovative materials science and design capabilities to ensure we remain on the forefront in addressing this sustainable packaging demand. As we help our customers with their sustainability goals, we are also focused on improving the sustainability of our own operations. This year, WestRock confirmed our commitment to reducing greenhouse gas emissions. We are working with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) to set a new greenhouse gas emissions reduction target that is aligned with climate science. Our overall sustainability performance is garnering recognition. WestRock was recently named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America for the second consecutive year and was awarded the American Paper and Packaging Association 2021 Sustainability Awards for leadership in safety and sustainability. WestRock also earned top marks in the Human Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality Index as a best place to work for LGBTQ Equality and was named to FORTUNE magazine’s list of the World’s Most Admired Companies for the sixth consecutive year. LOOKING FORWARD We have momentum entering fiscal 2022, and we are well-positioned for record performance. We have strong demand and great opportunities to grow our company and improve our results while providing value to our customers and shareholders. As we report on our results in the future, we will do so as four new segments: Corrugated Packaging, Consumer Packaging, Paper and Distribution. This structure better aligns our reporting to the way we are running our company and will provide greater clarity into the performance of each area. I look forward to sharing more about our progress in the future. At WestRock, we are working to leverage the power of the enterprise and the broadest portfolio of fiber-based packaging solutions, and we are making the investments needed to lead in sustainability and accelerate our innovation platform. As we do this, we remain disciplined in our capital allocation strategy and will look to use our strong cash flow to create shareholder value. On behalf of the board of directors and my WestRock teammates, I want to thank you for your interest and investment in WestRock. And a special thanks to the incredible WestRock team for all that you do every day to make WestRock successful. The future is bright at WestRock, and I am looking forward to the great things ahead for our Company.

Sincerely,

David B. Sewell 

President and Chief Executive Officer
