Dear Fellow Shareholders: Williams’ natural gas-focused strategy delivered phenomenal results in 2021. Importantly, we exceeded expectations on our comprehensive set of key metrics, while executing on bold initiatives and transactions. We achieved all-time operating records with gathering volumes of 13.9 Bcf/d, contracted transmission capacity of 23.8 Bcf/d and an all-time high operating margin ratio. This operating performance drove record financial performance and allowed us to exceed our original guidance ranges by a wide margin. While these results are impressive, they are simply a continuation of Williams’ dependable performance. We have always run our business with the long-term shareholder in mind. In fact, we now have met or exceeded our annual guidance and quarterly street consensus for 24 consecutive quarters and have continued to grow our reliable dividend. And in 2021, we received top ESG rankings for the midstream sector, won a prestigious award for industry leadership and were the only U.S. energy company to be included in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index. This tremendous momentum has set the pace for Williams to execute against our vision to be the best transport, storage and delivery solution for reliable, low-cost, low-carbon energy. We have earned an enviable position within our industry, and we are committed to setting our sights even higher to lead and deliver on this vision. A CULTURE OF SAFETY AND ENVIRONMENTAL STEWARDSHIP Our employees are making great strides in building a culture that holds safety as our highest priority. Over the last several years we’ve consistently improved in process safety and other important health and safety metrics, and we continue to raise the bar to keep our business safe for our employees and the communities in which we operate. Throughout 2021, our employees overcame the obstacles of the COVID19 pandemic and supply chain interruptions to continue providing the best-in-class service that our customers have come to expect. I appreciate the efforts of our employees to follow the protocols that have kept our field assets and control rooms running safely and reliably throughout the pandemic. GROWTH AROUND FOOTPRINT AND STRATEGIC TRANSACTIONS We grew in 2021 by executing expansions to our base business and capturing strategic acquisitions in the upstream and gas marketing space. We also launched New Energy Ventures to focus on commercializing innovative technologies and markets in the clean energy business. In the Northeast, our Leidy South expansion came fully online at the end of 2021, allowing for additional supplies of abundant Appalachia natural gas supplies to reach growing demand centers along the Atlantic Seaboard for home heating, cooking, industrial growth and electric power generation. We have two other Transco expansions in the mid-Atlantic, and we are in the process of responding to strong demands for our services in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, where currently we have five major discoveries being connected to our pipelines that we expect to more than double our earnings in this region. Our acquisition and successful integration of Sequent Energy Management accelerates our natural gas pipeline and storage optimization and marketing growth. Sequent provides Williams with an enhanced capability to better utilize our assets and to deliver responsibly produced, low-carbon supplies to international LNG buyers. On the upstream side, we formed a joint venture with Crowheart Energy in the Wamsutter Basin of Wyoming, which consolidated more than 1.2 million acres in a way that drives drilling activity and increased volumes on our midstream assets serving the area. Our significant control of land in this area, coupled with our existing natural gas infrastructure, has also laid the groundwork for a possible large-scale, co-development with Ørsted, a global renewable energy developer, as well as a green hydrogen hub in Wyoming. As we work to balance sustainability and climate goals with growing energy demand, Williams is leveraging our infrastructure, our expertise and our strategic relationships to develop such pragmatic solutions as solar installations to power our facilities, renewable natural gas interconnects from dairy farms and landfills, and digital platforms that provide market transparency for responsibly sourced natural gas. In these emerging areas, we follow strict investment criteria to ensure scalability and returns that are competitive with our base business opportunities. LEADING FROM A POSITION OF STRENGTH Our strategy to connect the best U.S. natural gas supplies with the world’s growing demand for clean energy is more relevant than ever as customers turn to our unmatched infrastructure for reliable energy. As the balance between reducing emissions and meeting growing energy demand grows in importance, Williams is committed to embracing the opportunities presented by our evolving industry. Looking to 2022 and beyond, we have an enviable platform of irreplaceable assets, a large number of growth drivers, a strong balance sheet and excess free cash flow. All of this positions us to execute on a broad capital allocation strategy poised to generate meaningful and sustainable value for our shareholders. We’ve outlined clear goals for our organization in the areas of safety, financial discipline and workforce development, diversity and inclusion. We will keep our employees energized by cultivating an environment of inclusion, innovation and passion for Williams’ vision to be part of the clean energy solution. Doing the right thing for our employees and the communities we call home is core to our high-performance culture. Finally, the new year brought a key leadership change as we welcomed John Porter to serve as our new Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, overseeing all financial aspects of the company. Porter replaces John Chandler who has been a key member of our successful leadership team helping to guide our dramatic balance sheet improvement. I wish John Chandler the best in his well-earned retirement, and I am thrilled to have John Porter on board for this next exciting chapter of the company. On behalf of all of Williams, I want to thank you, the shareholder, for your continued trust and investment in Williams.

Alan S. Armstrong 

President and Chief Executive Officer
