Grainger Shareholders: 2021 was both a challenging and rewarding year. While the global pandemic created difficulties for team members, customers and the supply chain, Grainger stayed committed to our purpose — We Keep the World Working. Living our purpose and guided by our principles, we demonstrated we can thrive in challenging times. Our customers trust Grainger to keep their operations running and their people safe. They rely on us to provide the right products, manage their inventory and solve their problems. They expect Grainger to deliver independent of the labor, freight and inflationary pressures that were the hallmarks of 2021. Throughout the year, Grainger’s 24,200 team members continued to demonstrate resiliency, agility and strength by remaining relentlessly focused on our customers and building our company for the future. Over the last year we: • Leveraged our supply chain scale to deliver strong service and invested in inventory to meet strong demand. Our customer satisfaction remained high throughout the year. • Increased team member wages, ensuring our distribution centers and service teams were staffed to serve customers effectively. • Advanced our strategic initiatives to drive short- and long-term growth. In our High-Touch Solutions North America segment: • Remerchandised $1.5 billion of the assortment, continuing to make it easier for customers to navigate Grainger.com and find the products they need quickly and with confidence. That brings our total remerchandised assortment to $4.4 billion. • Enhanced marketing effectiveness and improved brand recognition. • Improved our onsite service offering to better serve customer inventory management needs by providing valuable insights that save time and money. • Leveraged our new product information, publishing, customer information and marketing systems to gain share. In our Endless Assortment segment: • Added over 2.5 millions SKUs at Zoro in 2021, bringing the total assortment to 8.7 million SKUs available in the U.S. We expanded into new categories and new customer segments, driving both new and repeat business. • Opened the Ibaraki distribution center in Japan, allowing MonotaRO to stock more high-demand items locally. Another new DC is planned in 2022 to support MonotaRO’s growth. At the Total Company level, we delivered very strong financial results including1 : • Sales of $13.0 billion, up 12.4% from 2020 on an organic, constant currency basis; • Market outgrowth of 450 bps in the U.S., on a two-year average; • Adjusted operating margin of 11.9%, reflecting strong SG&A leverage; • Adjusted earnings per share were $19.84, up 22.6%; • Strong and improved adjusted ROIC of 31.9% for the company; and • Over $1.0 billion in cash returned to shareholders in the form of $695 million in share repurchases and $357 million in dividends paid. 2021 also marked our eleventh year publishing our corporate responsibility report. We received recognition throughout the year for our efforts including being listed for the ninth time on Fortunes Most Admired Companies, and for the sixth time on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America. Last year we further elevated the importance of corporate responsibility through the development of our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Leadership Council, which I chair. We reviewed and updated our materiality matrix to ensure our priorities are aligned to those of our stakeholders, identifying four core areas of focus: Customer Sustainability Solutions; Diversity, Equity and Inclusion; Energy and Emissions; and Supplier Diversity. In 2022, we are testing a notional compensation program designed to determine what ESG metrics and outcomes might be appropriate components in our future executive compensation program. You will be able to read more about our efforts in our upcoming corporate responsibility report which we expect will be available this summer. In 2022, we are focused on the following three core priorities as we aim to continue serving our customers better than anyone else, grow market share profitably, and make Grainger a great place to work. • Execute on our growth drivers that provide customers with both a flawless experience and tangible value to help them operate safely and effectively. • Drive operational excellence and productivity to keep the Company healthy and enable future investments in the business. • Strengthen our culture and team by focusing on talent development at all levels of the organization. Our 2022 plan is to continue navigating short-term challenges while building for the future. In the coming year, we expect growth of 6.5 to 9.5% in our High-Touch Solutions N.A. segment and growth in the high teens in our Endless Assortment segment. Our HTS-NA growth is supported by expected U.S. market outgrowth of 3 to 4%. We expect to achieve these goals while making strong progress on our long-term ESG objectives and strengthening our culture. We understand that all team members play an important role in making Grainger a welcoming and invigorating workplace that embraces new ways of thinking and respects everyone as an individual. In 2022, we will continue with our diversity efforts by launching dedicated training for all leaders to build inclusive teams and for all team members to create a sense of belonging. When we do the right things the right way, we benefit not just Grainger but the communities where we live and work. I would like to take this opportunity to recognize Brian Anderson for being a trusted advisor and contributor, serving on Grainger’s Board for 23 years. Brian has decided to retire from the board. The Company has benefited from his thoughtful service, and he will be missed. I want to thank Brian for his dedication and service. I am tremendously proud of what we’ve achieved over the last year and want to thank our team members for their commitment, as well as our suppliers, transportation partners and other stakeholders for their shared passion in supporting our customers. As I look to 2022 and Grainger’s 95th year in business, I am confident in our team and am optimistic about the future. It is always a privilege to help our customers keep their people safe and their operations running and we have the capabilities, knowledge and commitment to do just that and lead this industry for years to come.

D.G. Macpherson 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
