DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDER:

COVID tested us again in 2021 — and Abbott again rose to the challenge. We met the pandemic head-on with our battery of tests for the virus. We kept focus on our underlying businesses, all of which delivered highly successful years. And, most importantly, we kept our sights on the long term and our dynamic vision for the future of health.

THE ABBOTT WAY 

The rigors of the pandemic environment have helped to highlight all of the strengths that make Abbott such an enduringly successful company. The continual shifts and disruptions to normal business patterns — supply chain functioning, fluctuating demand in certain areas, workplace operations — require companies to be resourceful and adaptable, able to anticipate, to improvise, and to draw on deep reserves of experience, relationships, and know-how. These are foundational Abbott traits — characteristics that run throughout our 130-year history and that are carrying us into a future of remarkable new scientific, technological, and human capability. Those traits came to us from Dr. Wallace Abbott himself. So did the purpose that drives us — using medical science to help people live their fullest lives through better health. Another fundamental Abbott characteristic that has been critical to our success — over many decades and especially through the pandemic — is our diversified business model. Never has this long-term strategy been tested more strenuously or proven more valuable. Abbott is uniquely balanced across multiple dimensions, including our business mix, customer and payor types, varying innovation cycles, and geographic footprint. As we’ve long demonstrated, this business model provides us more opportunities to win during good times and makes us more resilient during difficult ones. I think it fair to say that the sheer breadth of the pandemic’s impacts is unprecedented in Abbott’s history; despite these extraordinary challenges, the strength and flexibility provided by our business model allowed us to deliver outstanding growth and returns for our shareholders. 

THE YEAR 

Clearly, the course of the pandemic was a significant factor in Abbott’s 2021 performance. The introduction of effective vaccines drove testing demand down — then the advent of the Delta and Omicron variants of the virus drove that demand back up, to higher levels than ever before. We’re now producing more than 150 million tests per month, across our global platforms. But as significant — and more so for the long term — was the balanced strength of our underlying businesses. All four of these — Medical Devices, Nutrition, Established Pharmaceuticals, and Diagnostics — delivered strong growth for the year. Central to this was a steady stream of new-product introductions across the company and around the world, including:

The first handheld rapid test for concussions

Our Neurosphere Virtual Clinic, a technology that allows doctors to remotely program our devices that treat chronic pain and movement disorders such as Parkinson’s disease

New formulations and flavors of our nutritionals Glucerna, Ensure, PediaSure, Pedialyte and Similac, including our new 360 Total Care formula with a blend of five HMO prebiotics

Our next-generation TriClip device to repair heart valves

Navitor, our latest generation transcatheter aortic valve replacement (TAVR) system to treat aortic valve stenosis and the Portico TAVR system for transcatheter aortic valve replacement

A number of new medicines, including Brufen Rapid, our fast-acting ibuprofen, and Influvac Tetra, our vaccine for four different strains of influenza in multiple countries

New tests across our whole family of Alinity diagnostics systems

Jot Dx, our insertable monitor to detect abnormal heart rhythms

Our Ultreon software to help interventional cardiologists see inside heart vessels and act on the insights it provides

Skypoint, the latest generation in our Xience family of coronary stents

Over-the-counter versions of our BinaxNOW and Panbio COVID tests for self-testing

And two new Amplatzer cardiac devices: Amulet, which helps reduce the risk of stroke in people with atrial fibrillation; and Talisman to treat people with a small opening between the upper chambers of the heart that puts them at risk of recurrent ischemic stroke

That’s an extremely productive pipeline under any circumstances, and even more noteworthy given the challenges of this environment. Added to consistently strong execution across our businesses, this helped us to deliver outstanding financial performance. Adjusted earnings per share rose almost 43 percent for the year — exceeding the guidance we set at the beginning of the year — on sales of more than $43 billion, up almost 23 percent over 2020. We returned more than $5 billion to shareholders in dividends and share buy-backs. And, in December, we announced a dividend increase of over four percent for 2022, following a 25 percent increase the prior year; this makes for an average dividend increase of more than 15 percent since the beginning of the pandemic. Abbott has now paid dividends for 98 consecutive years and this year we joined the exclusive list of Dividend Kings — the small group of companies that have paid increasing dividends for the last 50 years or more. Over the past decade, Abbott has provided shareholders a total return of approximately 540 percent versus a market return of 360 percent. 

THE FUTURE 

The story of Abbott is one of continual invention and reinvention. We follow science and technology in order to lead the industry toward new possibilities and the world toward greater health. The mission of Abbott leaders is to carry that legacy into the future — to ensure that the company’s success is sustained for the long term. This tradition was richly demonstrated by Miles D. White, who stepped down as the Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors in December, concluding his great Abbott career. Miles joined the company in 1984, became Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board in 1999, and proceeded to lead the company through a series of strategic transformations, resulting in one of Abbott’s most dynamic and successful eras. His constant focus throughout his tenure was on anticipating the future and shaping the company to meet it. We thank Miles for his leadership, as a result of which the company is better aligned with the future of healthcare than ever before.

For example, Abbott is at the forefront of one of the defining trends for the next era of health — the convergence of healthcare with digital technology. This is making truly incredible things possible. We’re working today to digitize, decentralize, and democratize healthcare. In other words, we’re using advanced digital technologies to create new capabilities for the people who use our products. We’re expanding the ways and places in which healthcare can be delivered — not only in traditional institutional settings, but wherever the patient is, by helping them connect with their caregivers through our technologies. And we’re putting more power, control, ease, and convenience in the hands of the people who matter most and who have the most at stake — the patients whose lives literally depend on our products. This new power is at the core of the vision we presented in January when we appeared as the first-ever healthcare company to give a keynote address at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES), the world’s largest and most influential tech event. This distinction recognized our leadership at the cutting edge of healthcare technology. A striking example is Lingo, the new line of biowearables we’re developing based on our world-leading FreeStyle Libre sensing technology, which we announced at CES. This family of sensors is being designed to easily give users more information about the functioning of their bodies — reading factors such as ketones, lactates, glucose, and alcohol levels — to help people not just monitor their health status, but to understand the unique language of their individual bodies, to gain greater control and, potentially, to improve their physical capabilities over time. It’s through this democratization of healthcare — by putting more control in people’s own hands, wherever they are around the world — that we aim to achieve our ambitious 2030 Sustainability Plan goal of helping three billion people every year to achieve better health. Abbott began as one man making better medicines by hand in his own home. By unwaveringly pursuing the same goal ever since — using medical technology to help people live fuller lives — we will soon reach one of every three people on the planet. That’s the power of vision, of innovation, and of commitment. These are the continuous threads that run through this company’s history — an ongoing legacy of service that we are fiercely dedicated to protecting and advancing for many years to come. 



Abbott Proud,

Robert B. Ford

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
