Dear AbbVie Shareholder, 

Our company delivered another outstanding year of performance in 2021 and demonstrated our continuing commitment to our many stakeholders, including the patients that we serve, the communities that we impact and our shareholders. The resiliency and dedication of our 50,000 employees throughout the world allowed us to achieve AbbVie’s record revenue and earnings per share (EPS) as well as a total shareholder return of more than 30 percent. We further invested in science to support our pipeline of promising new therapies, and we gave back to our communities through both our philanthropic efforts and through our patient assistance programs, in which we provided free medicines to over 170,000 patients who were experiencing financial need. I am tremendously proud of the results we achieved, and I want to thank all of the AbbVie employees who made these results possible. Our financial performance was strong. We delivered full year adjusted EPS of $12.70, which represents growth of approximately 20 percent over the prior year, and net revenues of more than $56 billion, an increase of nearly 23 percent over the prior year. Our adjusted investment in research and development was more than $6.5 billion, which represents a nearly 12 percent increase over 2020. We have a proven track record of developing new medicines, with 21 major product or indication approvals since the inception of our company. We anticipate the approval of over a dozen new products or indications in our key therapeutic franchises over the next couple years. Our continuous investment in leading-edge science will fuel our growth in the next decade and will benefit patients with new therapies to treat difficult disease conditions. Additionally, we delivered on our promise to serve the communities where we live and work. In 2021, we supported COVID-19 vaccine clinics in underserved areas to help vaccinate more than 18,000 of the most vulnerable patient populations and donated hundreds of hours of employee time volunteering to support local mass vaccination sites. That is just one example of the dedication and commitment of our AbbVie employees. We also continued to deliver on our pledge to advance health and educational opportunities for underserved communities through the implementation of our $50 million commitment to racial equity. I am proud of the company that we have built and the results that we have delivered in 2021. We are well positioned to continue with our mission to advance science and make a remarkable impact on people’s lives. Thank you for your support in 2021 and I look forward to our achievements in 2022. 



Sincerely,

Richard A. Gonzalez

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
