Dear Fellow Stockholder: It is my pleasure to invite you to attend Baxter’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders on Tuesday, May 3, 2022, at 9 a.m., Central Daylight Time. The attached Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement will serve as your guide to the business to be conducted. In 2021, Baxter International Inc. (Baxter or the company) celebrated 90 years of advancing its Mission to Save and Sustain Lives. Sadly, this remarkable milestone unfolded against the backdrop of the protracted COVID-19 pandemic, which has been a constant reminder of both the urgency of our Mission and the depth of our commitment. Baxter’s portfolio of medically essential products has kept us squarely on the front lines of this global public health crisis from the start. Beginning in 2021, we have also played a vital role in the manufacture of vaccines through our BioPharma Solutions manufacturing business. I am so proud of our colleagues worldwide who continue working tirelessly to serve our stakeholders in the face of new variants and an ever-shifting pandemic trajectory. Together we salute the caregivers who are combating this pandemic daily. Baxter’s years-long, enterprise-wide transformation – powered by increased innovation, an ongoing focus on patient safety and quality, enhanced operational effectiveness and disciplined capital allocation – has given us a strong foundation from which to manage through challenges like the ongoing pandemic while simultaneously embracing our opportunities to expand our impact and accelerate performance. In late 2021, we took the next leap forward in our transformation through our acquisition of Hillrom Holdings, Inc. (Hillrom). This combination of two recognized medical technology leaders does more than extend our already diverse healthcare portfolio; it unlocks new potential for innovation in connected care spanning our united product lines. That means new possibilities to spark clinical insights, enhance patient outcomes and increase workflow efficiencies – and generate greater value for the patients, clinicians, employees, communities and stockholders who rely on us. This is the largest acquisition in Baxter’s history, creating remarkable opportunities for growth across our global footprint as well as anticipated synergies driving meaningful cost reduction and margin expansion. Our organization is energized by the promise of this combination and I am fully committed to personally overseeing the successful integration of our organizations – a process that is already well underway. Also providing critical leadership is Giuseppe Accogli, who was recently named our executive vice president and chief operating officer (COO). Giuseppe is a 14-year Baxter veteran, experienced across an array of senior management positions. As COO, his top priorities include advancing a rapid, smooth integration and building upon the opportunities presented by this acquisition. Our diverse portfolio of essential products, global reach, passion to innovate and enhanced operational efficiency continue to fuel our performance and resilience. In 2021, Baxter drove year-over-year reported and constant currency growth in global sales across all of its businesses and geographies. We increased our dividend rate by approximately 14% and returned approximately $1.1 billion to investors through dividends and share repurchases. Like our peers across countless industries, we are not immune to inflationary pressures and the rising cost of raw materials, commodities, components, fuel and shipping. As always, our response is driven foremost by our Mission and colleagues from across our operations are working diligently to ensure steady access to the lifesaving products used by patients and clinicians globally. Both our Mission and dedication to making a meaningful difference compel us to address the environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues touching the lives of our patients, employees and myriad of communities we serve. These efforts are bolstered by our emphasis on good governance, ethics and compliance, inclusion and diversity and numerous other factors that define our impact as a leading corporate citizen. In 2021, Baxter introduced its 2030 Corporate Responsibility Commitment, comprising ten goals for prioritized action over the next decade and beyond across three key pillars: Empower our Patients, Protect our Planet and Champion our People and Communities. You can find more details in the “Corporate Responsibility” section of the proxy statement and in the Corporate Responsibility section of www.baxter.com. Our focus on sound corporate governance continues to be realized through the composition and practices of our Board of Directors (the Board). The Board maintained its outreach and engagement with Baxter investors throughout 2021, which is vital to helping set our priorities and trajectory. As part of our steady emphasis on Board refreshment, we were privileged to welcome two new Board members in 2021: David S. Wilkes, M.D., former dean of the University of Virginia School of Medicine, who joined us in February; and Nancy M. Schlichting, retired president and chief executive officer of Henry Ford Health System, who joined us in December in conjunction with the closing of the Hillrom acquisition. We also offer our appreciation to two Board members departing this May: John D. Forsyth, who has served since 2003; and Thomas T. Stallkamp, who joined us in 2000 and served as lead director between May 2014 and February 2021. They have my deepest thanks for their longtime service and commitment to Baxter’s Mission. As part of our COVID-19 precautions, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders will once again be held by means of remote communications. We hope that you are able to join us to discuss our 2021 results and learn more about our strategic priorities and trajectory for 2022 and beyond. Please review the information on attendance provided on p. 92 of the attached Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement. Details of the business to be conducted at the Annual Meeting are included in the proxy statement, which we encourage you to read carefully. Your vote is very important to us and I urge you to vote your shares as promptly as possible. You may vote your shares by Internet or by telephone. If you received a paper copy of the proxy card by mail, you may sign, date and return the proxy card in the enclosed envelope. You will be able to submit questions in advance of and during the Annual Meeting. It is the greatest honor of my career to serve as Baxter’s leader and, with the acquisition of Hillrom, to set forth on the next chapter of this company’s remarkable story. As always, our success is due entirely to the hard work and dedication of our 60,000 colleagues globally, a proudly diverse team united in a single Mission: Save and Sustain Lives. On behalf of the Board, management team and employees, thank you for your continued confidence and support as we advance this Mission for patients globally. We look forward to your participation in this year’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Sincerely yours,

José (Joe) E. Almeida 

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
