Healthy Growth – For Those We Serve Today and Tomorrow

OUR RESULTS 

As we step into 2022, we continue to face a rapidly changing landscape and our more than 70,000 colleagues around the world are united in support of our mission – to improve the health, well-being and peace of mind of those we serve by making health care affordable, predictable and simple. We consider it a privilege, and a responsibility we embrace, to contribute in meaningful ways to the healthy growth of individuals, companies and our communities. This commitment fueled our efforts to support our clients, customers and communities as we all navigated a full second year of the COVID-19 pandemic by, for example, hosting vaccination clinics, supporting access to testing and treatment, and volunteering at mass walk-in sites as part of our Community of Immunity program.1 We also recognized the heightened pressures and stress our co-workers have been experiencing during this time and we stepped forward with enhanced support programs, including additional days of emergency time off, increased flexibility and access to new digital tools that help with mental health.

At the same time, guided by our growth framework, we delivered strong overall results in 2021. Our company:

Grew both revenue and adjusted revenue by 9% to $174 billion.

Achieved shareholders’ net income of $5.4 billion, or $15.73 per share, and adjusted income from operations of $20.47 per share, representing 11% growth.

Returned over $9 billion to shareholders via dividends and share repurchase, a significant increase over 2020.

In 2021, guided by our strategy to intensify our focus on the health portion of our portfolio, we also announced the sale of our life, accident and supplemental benefits businesses in seven international markets to Chubb.4 We expect to complete this transaction in the second quarter of 2022, subject to applicable regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. 

Our Evernorth health services business successfully marked its first full year of operations and grew adjusted revenue by 14% in 2021. Evernorth brings together pharmacy, care, benefits and intelligence services, along with deep expertise and the flexibility to partner across the health care system. In our Cigna Healthcare portfolio, we delivered attractive growth and ended the year with 17.1 million total medical customers. Cigna Healthcare brings together the offerings of our U.S. Commercial, U.S. Government and International Health businesses. 

Together, Evernorth and Cigna Healthcare innovate to bring solutions to our clients and customers that help them solve their most pressing health care issues. To be clear, while we had strong results in 2021, we are not satisfied with our total shareholder return (TSR) performance. We returned $9 billion in 2021 to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Looking forward, we are confident in our strategy, growth trajectory and cash-flow generation for 2022 and beyond. Harnessing these results will generate attractive and sustainable shareholder returns consistent with our strong, sustained track record over the last decade. 

ADVANCING OUR ESG PRIORITIES

Throughout 2021, we also prioritized and made significant progress with our environmental, social and governance (ESG) areas of focus that are important to us as a company and align with our mission. 

To expand and accelerate our efforts, we launched our Building Equity and Equality Program two years ago to support diversity, inclusion, equality and equity for communities of color. This program is a five-year commitment spanning a few essential areas with specific actions to achieve change. In 2021, we took a number of steps, under the leadership of our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) Council, to advance our efforts, including: 

Further accelerating our work to address health disparities and the social determinants of health that contribute to inequity. Through the Cigna Foundation, we funded 142 grants to eliminate barriers to health and improve access to care

Continuing to advance our commitments to foster DEI within our workplace. Our new publicly available Diversity Scorecard tangibly reflects our commitment to DEI and how we are holding ourselves accountable. We remained on track with meeting our pledge to achieve $1 billion in diverse supplier spending by 2025, and we continued to improve ethnic minority representation and gender equity in our leadership pipeline with multiple focused strategies. 

Our progress has been recognized by a number of prominent organizations, including the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices for a fifth consecutive year. We will keep pushing forward, because we know that the work we’re doing contributes meaningfully to a better world.

POISED FOR FUTURE SUCCESS

As we look to 2022 and beyond, we are confident the work that we completed in 2021 strengthened our foundation. With the platforms of Evernorth and Cigna Healthcare, we have the talent, the capabilities and the strategy to capitalize on the multiple growth opportunities created by the three forces fundamentally changing the health care landscape.

The first trend focuses on the acceleration of pharmacological innovation, including specialty pharmaceuticals, gene therapies and vaccines. The next few years will also be significant for biosimilars, lower-cost alternatives for highcost biologic drugs. With 66 biologic drugs currently in the market covered by patents expiring by 2025, we believe that increased biosimilar use represents an opportunity to decrease health care spending by over $100 billion. With the strength of Evernorth’s pharmacy capabilities, we will lead this much-needed transition and capture a large portion of those savings for the benefit of our clients and customers.

The second trend focuses on the growing recognition, which accelerated during the pandemic, of the link between mental and physical health. As the demand for behavioral health services continues to rise, we’ve focused on improving the access to and availability of care while also addressing affordability. Our Evernorth behavioral network grew again in 2021, doubling in size over the past five years. New digital provider relationships we established last year are improving access, availability and choice for our customers experiencing eating disorders, depression, anxiety and burnout. We also established a partnership with Ginger to provide our customers with on-demand behavioral health coaching, therapy and psychiatry services accessible via a mobile app. We were the first carrier to bring Ginger’s coaching services innetwork – because we know that early access to this support can prevent the onset of moreserious mental health conditions.

The third trend focuses on rapidly changing access-to-care models, including the rise of virtual care and other alternative care delivery options driven by technological advancements and consumer preferences. Our 2021 acquisition of virtual telehealth leader MDLIVE within our Evernorth business is one example of how we’re leading the way in responding to the dramatic increase in new models for accessing care. We also see virtual care as a game-changing accelerant to improving affordability. Through MDLIVE, we’ve expanded access to virtual care services for millions of customers, with capabilities that now include primary and dermatology care, as well as behavioral health care, and we plan to continue introducing additional services. We’ve launched an innovative virtual-first health plan option for employers, another step forward in providing convenient and comprehensive care experiences for our customers. We’re also developing additional digital-first pathways to care for patients with conditions such as musculoskeletal disorders and anxiety and depression. These innovations bring services to our customers in a personalized, coordinated and affordable manner.

As the health care landscape continues to change, we’re confident that we have the capabilities, partnerships and expertise that will allow us not only to respond, but to lead in shaping the future.

MOVING FORWARD TOWARD A BRIGHT FUTURE 

The work we do improves people’s lives. I am fortunate to frequently get emails and hear stories from those we touch about how our purpose is making a difference. For example, imagine a child diagnosed with a rare disorder getting quick access to a life-saving drug. With hard work by our experienced service team and an innovative Cigna program, a child with such a disorder now has the promise to grow up and affect countless other lives. This is what inspires our Cigna team to keep pushing forward – one child, one customer, one client, one community at a time. 

This is our purpose in action – supporting Healthy Growth that will make a difference for all our stakeholders.



David M. Cordani

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
