Dear Stakeholder, It has been another year of dynamic, challenging conditions due to the pandemic. We have all faced enormous obstacles — professionally and personally — some continuing, some just emerging. As I reflect on my first year as CEO of Clorox, I’m very proud of how we delivered, pragmatic about the near-term challenges ahead and resolute about what we can accomplish over the long term as we continue to execute on our IGNITE strategy. Inspired by our purpose — to champion people to be well and thrive every single day — we remained true to three operating principles as we navigated the past year: • Embracing our role as a health and wellness company, which helped us prioritize our actions, including ensuring the safety of our people and supporting healthcare workers. • Putting people at the center, taking care of our teammates around the world and focusing on serving public health and consumer needs. • Leading with our values, with our commitment to doing the right thing guiding our strategic choices and actions. These principles, coupled with our IGNITE strategy, have served us well and are shaping the Clorox of tomorrow while having a meaningful impact on society today. Reflecting on Another Dynamic Year For the year, we delivered strong sales growth of 9%, with growth across all our business segments. On a two-year stack basis, we delivered 17% sales growth. This performance demonstrates Clorox’s unique strengths — the caliber of our people, equity of our brands and our ability to execute in extraordinary circumstances. We worked tirelessly over the past year to supply consumers with products across our portfolio, which was greatly impacted by the pandemic and people spending more time at home. This included cleaning and disinfecting products; vitamins, minerals and supplements; bags and wraps; and water filtration, food, grilling and cat litter products. As a result, we experienced significant growth in demand and strengthened our position among global consumers, with high household penetration in Consumers have never seen greater value in our brands, which is reflected in the choices they’re making at shelf and online. the U.S. supported by strong repeat purchase rates and strong growth globally. Consumers have never seen greater value in our brands, which is reflected in the choices they’re making at shelf and online. We’ll continue to earn their long-term loyalty by investing in our brands through innovation that delivers superior user experiences. At the same time, the pandemic continues to cause tremendous volatility, and we are operating in an historically difficult cost environment. Rising input and transportation costs continue to pressure our profitability, which contributed to lower gross margin for the full year and a 2% decline in our fiscal year 2021 adjusted EPS.1 We expect these conditions to continue in fiscal year 2022 and are taking decisive action to mitigate headwinds while advancing our IGNITE strategy for long-term growth. Accelerating Our IGNITE Strategy The pandemic has highlighted the need to accelerate our strategy to take advantage of the strong consumer loyalty we have built, respond nimbly to changes in consumer behaviors and preferences, and set the company up for long-term success. I have a high degree of conviction that the focused actions we are taking will not only enable us to achieve our 3% to 5% long-term sales growth target but also deepen our competitive advantages for years to come. These actions include: • Enhancing productivity: With fueling growth being a critical focus to help address elevated cost pressures and ensure the long-term health of our brands, we’ll continue to drive our hallmark cost savings program and productivity initiatives. • Investing in innovation: Innovation is at the heart of our IGNITE strategy, and we’re focused on innovation that is faster to market and delivers multiyear value. We doubled our innovation investments in fiscal 2021, and new products were a bigger contributor to our topline. We are also extending innovation by leveraging external partners to create new revenue streams. • Leveraging purpose and personalization to drive loyalty: We have made great headway on our 2025 personalization goal to know 100 million people — crossing the halfway mark this fiscal year. Our higher investment in personalization has led to stronger relationships with consumers, which significantly improved ROI, driving confidence in our approach. Enhancing our digital capabilities: As consumers have increased their adoption of digital channels as a result of the pandemic, we are investing to further improve our digital capabilities and support our e-commerce, innovation and marketing initiatives. We have made great strides to differentiate Clorox from a digital perspective, including nearly doubling our e-commerce business over the last two years, which today represents about 13% of total company sales. • Driving growth runways: We expanded our global cleaning and disinfecting business and professional products portfolio to accelerate growth. Advancing Our ESG Goals We are rallying every person and every brand to contribute to a more sustainable and inclusive world. Harnessing resources internally by integrating environmental, social and governance commitments into our businesses is critical to achieving our ambitious goals, while collaborating externally with others is crucial to tackling the challenges we face collectively. Some of the highlights of our progress on environmental initiatives in fiscal year 2021 include achieving 100% renewable electricity in the U.S. and Canada and increasing the number of plants that have achieved zero-waste-to-landfill status, now at 56% and tracking toward our 2025 goal of 100%. We also received approval from the Science Based Targets initiative of our 2030 science-based targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and have announced our commitment to reach net zero emissions across our operations and our value chain (scopes 1, 2 and 3) by 2050. On the people side of ESG, I’m particularly proud that, in a trying year, we achieved our best safety score in modern history with a recordable incident rate of 0.26, which is significantly lower than the 3.3 industry average. We also continued to work toward a more inclusive, diverse and equitable workplace. Pay equity is a part of that. As we’ve done in past years, we reviewed every nonproduction teammate’s pay for potential discrepancies. We adjusted where needed and will continue this review annually. This year, I also renewed our pledge to the CEO Action for Diversity, reflecting my personal commitment to advancing inclusion and diversity. As a signatory to the United Nations Global Compact, we reaffirm our commitment to its Ten Principles by driving a strategy that prioritizes these and other ESG goals. Focusing on Health Security in Our Communities We continue to pay it forward by giving back. In 2021 we made $9 million in grants to charitable organizations and $8 million in product donations, plus $2.7 million in cause marketing, for a total community contribution of nearly $20 million. This included a second round of COVID relief funding, ongoing support of racial justice initiatives and community building. The Clorox Company Foundation this year adapted its mission to be aligned with the company purpose. This led to a new signature theme, health security, which will guide our foundation’s efforts to bring about equal opportunities for underresourced people and communities. Confidence in Our Future Led by our values of doing the right thing, putting people at the center and playing to win, we are building a stronger, more resilient company. We have a portfolio of leading brands that have never been more loved by consumers and a clear plan to meet our long-term growth targets. Our strategy and the perseverance of our team around the world throughout the pandemic gives me great confidence in our ability to win and accelerate growth in the future, creating value for all of Clorox’s stakeholders. I am excited about the future and want to thank all of our teammates, customers, consumers, investors and partners for your support of our company. 

Linda Rendle 

Chief Executive Officer
