DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

2020 was a year that will undoubtedly be etched into our collective memory. The COVID-19 pandemic changed our lives and businesses, suddenly and substantially. We had to invent new ways to support each other and serve our customers, while safeguarding our associates’ health and safety. Fortunately, adaptability is deeply ingrained in our culture at Danaher and as I look back on , I am most struck by our associates’ resilience and dedication. Since the onset of the pandemic, our team has met the challenges presented and turned them into impactful opportunities to help our customers and the global community. Powered by the Danaher Business System (DBS) and unified by our Shared Purpose, Helping Realize Life’s Potential, we have worked hard to navigate these unprecedented times from a position of strength.

It is not lost on us that our financial performance in 2020 was, in part, driven by our work to tackle a health crisis that has had a devastating impact on so many around the world. That said, we are proud of our ability to continue supporting customers across all our businesses and the global community in the fight against COVID-19. While 2020 was certainly a challenging year for our teams and businesses, it was also a pivotal year for Danaher in our pursuit to become a better, stronger company. We closed the largest acquisition in our history—General Electric’s Biopharma business, now known as Cytiva—which reinforces our leading position in bioprocessing. Our strong financial performance enabled us to accelerate growth initiatives across our businesses, which we believe contributed to share gains in many of our end-markets. And in the spirit of continuous improvement, we made significant progress toward our sustainability goals in 2020. Through all these efforts, we solidified our position as a global science and technology leader, and we are heading into 2021 as a stronger company with an even brighter future. I am pleased to share some of our more significant achievements in 2020. A Critical Role in the Fight Against COVID-19 We are proud to support frontline healthcare providers with much-needed diagnostic testing capabilities, and to support the scientific community’s accelerated pursuit of new vaccines and treatments for the virus. IDT was an early leader in the diagnostic testing effort with their primer and probe kits, which provide a key detection component in COVID-19 diagnostic tests. Cepheid launched the first rapid molecular test for COVID-19 and a rapid 4-in-1 test for COVID-19, Flu A, Flu B, and RSV from a single patient sample. Beckman Coulter Diagnostics launched several new COVIDrelated antibody tests and an automated antigen test to help make higher-volume mass testing possible. As of March 1, 2021, our operating companies have collectively enabled or produced approximately 100 million COVID-19-related diagnostic tests. Cytiva and Pall Biotech have contributed significantly to the development and production of COVID-19 vaccines and treatments around the world, helping to accelerate manufacturing on a massive scale under intense time pressure. As of March 1, 2021, we are involved in most vaccine and therapeutic projects underway globally, including all vaccines in the U.S. that have received FDA Emergency Use Authorization or are in late-stage clinical trials. Our teams’ efforts will continue to directly impact the lives of billions of people around the world, as there is still much more work to be done to tackle this global health crisis. A Transformational Acquisition Our acquisition of Cytiva is one of several, strategic portfolio moves we have made during the last few years that accelerated our evolution into a higher-growth, innovation-driven company. With the addition of Cytiva, we doubled our annual revenue in the highly attractive biopharmaceutical end-market, which now represents more than 50% of our Life Sciences platform’s annual revenue. With a more comprehensive offering across the entire bioproduction workflow, we are better able to support our customers who are working to deliver more life-improving drugs faster and at a lower cost—an endeavor made even more urgent by today’s global health crisis. The caliber of talent at Cytiva is the business’ greatest asset. This highly innovative, passionate team has been working to solve its customers’ toughest biologics development and production challenges for over thirty years. In 2020, Cytiva achieved more than 25% core revenue growth and over $4 billion in revenue. We could not be more pleased with Cytiva's early results and are excited about what we can achieve together over the next thirty years and beyond. Investing for Growth Our strong margin performance and cash flow generation in 2020 enabled us to strengthen our competitive advantage through high-impact growth investments across Danaher. We expanded production capacity at Cepheid, Cytiva and Pall to support increasing demand for COVID-related testing and treatments, while paving the way for sustainable long-term growth. Ongoing organic investments in research and development came to fruition in 2020 with several breakthrough product launches across our portfolio. SCIEX’s new 7500 System is the most sensitive Triple Quad mass spectrometer on the market, helping scientists detect and quantify analytes at previously undetectable levels. The Videojet 1280 Continuous Inkjet printer was designed with simplicity and reliability in mind, providing customers with a high-quality printer that is easy to use and minimizes disruptive downtime. And Leica Biosystems’ next-generation digital pathology scanner, the Aperio GT 450 DX, enables pathologists to evaluate tissue samples remotely without compromising quality or consistency—a crucial capability during the pandemic. Inorganic investments are also a key component of our growth strategy. Aquatic Informatics—a leading water-focused software provider—joined our Water Quality platform in 2020, bringing data analytics solutions to improve customer workflow and cost efficiencies. Since 2019, we have acquired ten businesses across all three of our segments, adding complementary products and technologies to help us solve our customers’ toughest challenges. Through both organic and inorganic growth investments, we continue to differentiate our offering and reinforce our market leadership, while enhancing our growth and earnings trajectory. Committed to Sustainability Our pursuit of continuous improvement has always been at the heart of everything we do. We strive to be better every day, and the many challenges we faced in 2020 highlighted our overarching responsibility and opportunity to do just that across our three pillars of sustainability: The innovation that fuels advancements across scientific disciplines, the people at the heart of our teams and communities, and the environment that sustains us. I have already shared how our teams have innovated to address some of the most pressing health and safety challenges of our time. I am incredibly proud of our fast and enterprising response to the COVID-19 crisis. Last year also highlighted the need for leadership and action, particularly around our efforts to foster a diverse and inclusive culture. In 2020 we established two key diversity goals: to increase our representation of women associates globally to 40%, and People of Color among U.S. associates to 35% by 2025. Our intention is to better reflect the communities in which we live, work, and serve our customers; and we believe that setting explicit goals provides the transparency and accountability necessary to drive meaningful change. Across Danaher, we have long considered the environmental impact of our products and operations—and we continually seek to improve on this front. In 2020, we established five-year reduction goals around our energy use, greenhouse gas emissions, and waste generation. To help operationalize these improvements, we have enhanced our DBS toolkit with energy management and waste reduction resources. These are just a few examples of how our deep commitment to continuous improvement inspires actions that benefit the greater good, and we will continue to prioritize measurable progress across the many facets of sustainability. A Future Full of Potential Reflecting on my first few months as CEO, my appreciation for our exceptional team and portfolio has deepened as I have had more opportunities to engage with our businesses and leaders. I am inspired by the considerable innovation happening across the organization, by the caliber and depth of our talent, and by our associates’ passion for their work and commitment to continuous improvement. It is clear the Danaher Business System is what drives us every day—it’s our ultimate competitive advantage—and I see it alive and well across the company. The powerful combination of these factors certainly contributed to making 2020 an exceptional and transformative year for Danaher. I am deeply honored and humbled that the Danaher Board of Directors asked me to lead our team into the future. I am also incredibly grateful for Tom Joyce’s mentorship and friendship over the past decade of working together. His strategic vision and leadership as CEO created tremendous value for Danaher and our shareholders, and an incredible foundation for our next chapter. Across Danaher we will strive to keep building an even better, stronger company and to positively impact the world around us in meaningful ways. We see tremendous opportunities to do just that in 2021 and beyond, and I am excited about what lies ahead for Danaher.

By investing in Danaher, you are investing in a future full of potential. Thank you for being part of our team. We look forward to rewarding your continued support in the years to come.

RAINER M. BLAIR 

President and Chief Executive Officer
