Dear Stakeholders: For DaVita, this past year fixed a spotlight on our teammates’ commitment to care for patients with kidney disease. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic created challenges that we could never have imagined at the beginning of 2020. These challenges – clinical, operational and financial – led to opportunities for us to harness the strength of our teams and our platforms to support our patients and our community in this time of global crisis. When I reflect on the year, I am inspired by the resilience, creativity and innovation showed by our organization to adapt to the unprecedented and rapidly changing landscape and by the depth of the empathy and commitment of our teams to each other and to the health and safety of our patients. COVID-19 Response Over the past year, we took significant steps to enhance our infection control and safety practices and create new processes such as the early cohorting of patients with suspected or confirmed cases of COVID-19, to ensure that we could continue to provide high-quality care for more than 240,000 patients who depend on receiving life-sustaining dialysis treatment multiple times each week. Earlier this year, the dialysis community came together with the CDC and federal government to launch a national program to allocate COVID-19 vaccines directly to dialysis providers for the vaccination of end-stage renal disease patients and their front-line caregivers, an important policy by the administration to protect some of the nation’s most vulnerable patients. We continue to work hard to implement this program to help ensure that all of our patients who want to be vaccinated can receive a vaccine as soon as possible. Across the U.S., COVID vaccination rates for Blacks and Hispanics remain well below that of Whites and Asians. We have been able to deploy our care teams, including social workers and dietitians, to engage in one-on-one conversations to address common causes of vaccine hesitancy, with support from our Medical Directors. We believe these efforts, combined with offering patients direct access to the vaccine from a trusted care team and in a convenient site of care, have addressed the challenges with third-party sites, reduced hesitancy rates and improved health equity. At DaVita we have a long history of investing in the development and well-being of our teammates. Through the pandemic, we increased this investment in caring for our own teammates, including providing tens of millions of dollars in relief payments to eligible teammates, adjusting pay and paid time off practices to better support our teammates and enhancing benefits, including backup child care and free counseling and mental health resources. Clinical Outcomes and Care Initiatives In 2020, DaVita once again improved key clinical outcomes in our U.S. dialysis business, including our recognition as an industry leader for the eighth consecutive year in CMS’ Quality Incentive Program and for the last seven years under the CMS Five-Star Quality Rating system. Financial In 2020, operating income was $1.695 billion and adjusted operating income was $1.746 billion. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to comparable GAAP measures please see page 73 of the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K. Consolidated operating cash flow was $1.979 billion in 2020. We invested $457 million in acquisitions and development in our businesses and $1.447 billion on repurchases of more than 16 million shares of our common stock in 2020, reducing our shares outstanding by more than 12 percent since the beginning of the year. Corporate Citizenship & Sustainability Being a responsible corporate citizen has long been an important principle at DaVita. Since 2008, we have published an annual social responsibility report we call Community Care, highlighting our organization’s and teammates’ contributions and support of the communities in which we live and operate. A shining example of supporting our communities was the decision by our Board and management to return $250 million of CARES Act funding so that government support and funding could be used by those organizations in greater need than us. In 2019 and 2020, our company surveyed key stakeholders to learn more about what Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) issues matter most to them and also reviewed the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (“SASB”) recommended metrics for health care service providers. Based on these data sources, we have identified our top ESG priorities and five key focus areas: • Patient Care • Teammate Engagement • Environmental Stewardship • Healthy Communities • Leading with Integrity and Accountability This month, we plan to publish a set of aspirational goals for 2025 across each of these five pillars of our ESG program, goals representing our ongoing commitment to advancing ESG-related initiatives. Furthermore, we recognize that the latest climate science sends a warning that we must dramatically curb temperature rise to avoid the impacts of climate change, and as a company, we want to do our part. Accordingly, we have presented our environmental goals for 2025 and beyond to the Science Based Targets initiative for their review and confirmation that our goals are in alignment with climate science. In 2021, for the first time we are publishing our ESG report based on the recommendations from SASB and its material topics for health care service providers. We also published our first report on Diversity and Belonging, disclosing our company’s diversity metrics and a roadmap for delivering our vision of cultivating a diverse organization where everyone belongs. We are tremendously proud of our efforts in sustainability and social responsibility. To learn more, I encourage you to read our 2020 Community Care social responsibility report at www.davita.com/communitycare. Conclusion While caring for our patients and teammates, we have continued to focus on stewarding resources responsibly to deliver financial results for our stockholders. Last year at this time, I shared with you how inspiring our 67,000 teammates around the world are, especially our caregiving teammates and physician partners. A year later, I feel even more strongly that our caregivers on the front line of this pandemic are heroes in every sense of the word. I thank them for their selfless service. Their courage, compassion and dedication honor the memory of those we have lost to the pandemic. Respectfully Submitted,

Javier J. Rodriguez 

Chief Executive Officer
