Throughout the second year of the pandemic, the Ecolab team continued to excel, providing critical expertise and innovative solutions to accelerate our growth and help protect the health of people, our planet and businesses everywhere. The last two years have underscored the importance of our value proposition and the effectiveness of our unique business model. We are very proud of our team and their commitment to excellence, and the positive impact we delivered for our customers and society. Thanks to the great work of the Ecolab team, we experienced strong growth in 2021. We did so despite continued COVID-related headwinds, significant supply chain constraints and an unexpected rapid rise in cost inflation. By maintaining strong focus on what we could control, our business fundamentals significantly improved. Net new business reached record levels, pricing accelerated quarter after quarter, our innovation efforts delivered a record pipeline and our long-term digital investments kept driving productivity while enhancing customer experience. All of these drivers helped us deliver a strong 17% increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. EXPANDING GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES There is no question that our strong momentum in 2021 is due primarily to our continued investments in our team in 2020. Through the worst of the pandemic’s early stages, we chose to maintain our investments in our most critical long-term business drivers — our people, our innovation, our digital capabilities and our future. We maintained our sales-and-service team, ensured their personal safety and protected their pay. We continued investments in critical growth areas, including R&D and digital solutions, and invested in new, innovative programs such as Ecolab Science Certified™. As the markets recovered, these investments enabled us to accelerate growth by enhancing customer relationships and driving share when most competitors were scaling back investments. Ecolab’s spirit of commitment, innovation and service shined when our customers needed it the most. In 2021, our R&D team generated another record innovation pipeline, with more than 50 major innovations designed to help customers protect their own customers from COVID infection risks and deliver better outcomes, at a lower total cost, while reducing their impact on natural resources and the environment. We also opened our new Ecolab Healthcare Advanced Design Center, a state-of-the-art innovation center to provide customers with end-to-end design and manufacture of custom sterile barriers for robotic and diagnostic surgical equipment. Further, our strategic acquisition of Purolite provides us with a new rapid-growth, high-margin business, which extends our capabilities in our already highly successful global Life Sciences business. At the same time, it will help us create another global growth platform, one comparable to what we’ve built with water and food safety. By uniquely combining environmental safety in pharmaceutical manufacturing with product safety and quality to produce life-saving drugs and vaccines, Purolite will enable us to offer a broader portfolio of critical solutions to meet the unique needs of our Life Sciences customers. Ecolab has a long history of growth and expanding our total available market opportunities, from $32 billion in 2000 to $135 billion in 2020 to $152 billion today. We’ve accomplished this by adding new solutions and service offerings, including those for life sciences, high-tech manufacturing, data centers and animal health. In addition, our customers’ increasing focus on improving sustainability continues to drive the need for our effective solutions to help them achieve their goals toward net-zero impact. DELIVERING MEASURABLE CUSTOMER VALUE The Ecolab team delivered for our customers throughout the year, providing unmatched expertise and industry-leading programs to help protect staff and customers from COVID, solve operational challenges and meet sustainability and net-zero goals. The Ecolab Science Certified Program, designed to advance cleaner, safer practices, continues to expand and has been adopted in thousands of restaurant, hotel, event and retail sites. We also continued to expand our digital offerings, enabling real-time intelligence and actionable insights to create more value for our customers. Through our proprietary eROISM approach, which calculates the exponential return on our customers’ investment in our products and services, we measure the positive impact of our solutions. eROI helps customers credibly quantify their return through water, energy and comprehensive operating cost savings while enabling them to plan and track their progress across a range of performance and environmental goals. Our ability to deliver major results for our customers then becomes a major driver of Ecolab’s profitable growth. ADVANCING OUR GLOBAL CAPABILITIES TO LEAD IN ESG In 2021, the Ecolab team delivered on its ESG goals by continuing to make meaningful progress in environmental, social and governance toward achieving our 2030 Impact Goals. We expanded our positive impact through our work with customers, accelerated efforts within our own operations and nurtured our talent. We advanced our efforts to achieve a positive water impact and halve our carbon emissions by 2030. Our U.S. facilities are now sourcing 100% renewable energy, and we’re on track to source 100% renewable energy globally by 2030. Internally, we made more progress toward our representation goals for women and people of color in 2021 than the previous four years combined. We are proud to say that last year, 38% of all new management-level hires globally were women and 35% of all new management-level hires in the U.S. were people of color. We also achieved a 96% increase in year-over-year spend with diverse suppliers. Ecolab’s commitment to ESG and operating ethically, responsibly and sustainably was again recognized by several leading organizations in 2021, including being named one of the world’s most ethical companies, one of the world’s most sustainable companies and a leading company for diversity and gender equality. For more information on our ESG progress, please see pages 10–11 of this report. In the same spirit, over the last 12 months, a few leadership changes were announced, all part of our long-term talent planning process. In December, Chief Financial Officer Dan Schmechel announced his plans to retire in 2022, and Scott Kirkland, previously senior vice president and corporate controller, was named CFO. We’d like to once again take the opportunity to thank Dan for his major contributions to our success during his 27-year career at Ecolab. WELL-POSITIONED FOR THE FUTURE The year again showed the importance of our work and the way we do it for the benefit of people, the planet and businesses. Our expertise, solutions and positive impact are critical to our customers and society, and we are well-positioned to drive strong sales and earnings growth by helping meet the world’s growing climate and public health challenges. By 2030, the global population is projected to reach 8.5 billion people. With this increase will come a heightened risk of infection and broader healthcare needs, additional challenges to ensure a safe food supply chain and an increasing strain on the world’s limited freshwater resources. With our innovative programs like Ecolab Science Certified and game-changing technology such as those offered by Purolite, we believe no company is better positioned to help protect people than Ecolab. Our world’s climate is changing rapidly, and as businesses increasingly set aggressive sustainability goals, there’s no company better positioned than us to help our partners drive competitive advantage while helping to protect our planet. We have a lot to be proud of in 2021, and we thank our 47,000 associates for their unwavering commitment to each other, our customers and our company. We enter 2022 with strong business momentum and a greater purpose to make the world cleaner, safer and healthier by protecting people and the resources vital to life. We will continue to grow our business by helping our customers, our communities and each other thrive, with strong entrepreneurial spirit, ingenuity, agility and heart.

Sincerely,

Christophe Beck 

PRESIDENT AND CEO
