To our valued shareholders,

This past year was another remarkable one for HCA Healthcare. Our hospitals managed through some of the highest COVID-19 surges of the pandemic while also improving our enterprise capabilities, allowing us to better support our 182 hospitals and more than 2,200 ambulatory sites of care. We are proud that HCA Healthcare ended 2021 in its best position in decades based upon key metrics that we believe position our facilities as a provider system of choice in the communities we serve. We could not have performed at this level without the resilience of our approximately 284,000 colleagues — and 45,000 affiliated physicians — who remained committed to providing our patients with high-quality care, even while the COVID-19 pandemic continued to surge. Through more than 35 million patient encounters, HCA Healthcare nurses, physicians, and colleagues across the enterprise withstood adversity and delivered patient-centered care every day. HCA Healthcare’s momentum continued to accelerate throughout this past year. We were able to accomplish this while staying true to our mission. We expanded our footprint in the communities we serve while also developing more comprehensive resources to support our caregivers and colleagues. We invested more in technology to improve our patients’ experiences, advance our clinical capabilities, and gain efficiencies. And finally, we discovered new ways to capitalize on our diverse footprint by partnering with leading companies to help accelerate these strategic initiatives.

Strong Financial Performance

Our momentum, financial stewardship, and disciplined operating culture also allowed us to deliver a strong financial performance during 2021. Our revenues for the year totaled $58.7 billion, a 14% increase from 2020. Diluted earnings per share increased 93% to $21.16.

Aft er suspending certain programs during 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we were able to resume a balanced approach to capital allocation by:

Investing more than $3.5 billion of capital expenditures to support and grow our facilities

Spending $1.1 billion on acquisitions of hospitals and other sites of care, such as home health and urgent care

Repurchasing $8.2 billion, or over 37 million shares, of common stock

Reinstating our quarterly dividend

In addition, we divested non-strategic assets, which generated over $2.1 billion of pre-tax proceeds to redeploy.

We are proud of the impact this performance had on our people and our communities:

Our payroll and benefits for our approximately 284,000 colleagues were $26.7 billion.

We cared for those who are uninsured or under-insured by providing uncompensated care at an estimated cost of $3.3 billion. Approximately 25.5% of our inpatient admissions and 46% of our emergency room visits were for the treatment of patients who were either uninsured or covered under Medicaid.

As a taxpaying healthcare provider, we incurred approximately $5.5 billion of federal, state, and local taxes, including $2.8 billion of income, property, and sales and use taxes.



Supporting our caregivers

In 2021, demand for healthcare remained strong and was influenced by three different COVID-19 surges. We saw growth in most major categories of our business, and we expect to see continued growth in 2022. With this expected growth, HCA Healthcare continues to confront two critical staffing needs — nurses and physicians — by growing our clinical education and comprehensive graduate medical education programs, in addition to initiatives discussed below. Similar to 2020, in 2021, we focused on caring for those suffering from the COVID-19 pandemic. From February 2020 to December 2021, our facilities cared for more than 271,000 COVID-19 inpatients, including more than 160,000 inpatients in 2021.

Again, it was because of our nurses, physicians, and colleagues that we were able to care for so many patients, loved ones, and community members. But the challenging labor environment and the growing demand for healthcare services present hurdles. That is why we have a multipronged strategy designed to meet these challenges and advance HCA Healthcare’s mission.

Enhancing the nursing pipeline

Enhancing the nursing pipeline has become increasingly important to meet the ongoing demands of patient care throughout the healthcare industry. For us, responding to this need starts with strengthening our recruitment and retention functions. For example, we have advanced our benefits and invested in creating an environment where nurses can treat their patients and, ultimately, discharge them in a more productive manner. Additionally, in June 2021, we created a $50 million “Investing in Our Colleagues” initiative to respond to feedback gathered through our Vital Voices program, an employee engagement survey conducted multiple times each year. Each facility used its portion of this initiative’s additional funds based on our nurses’ assessments of areas of greatest need to enhance patient care. We also continue to provide well-being support and resources through a partnership with PsychHub, a free COVID-19 mental health resource hub, and Nurse Care, a 24/7 free and confidential counseling program, to meet the needs of HCA Healthcare’s hospital-based nurses.

Additionally, in June 2021, we created a $50 million “Investing in Our Colleagues” initiative to respond to feedback gathered through our Vital Voices program, an employee engagement survey conducted multiple times each year. We have also increased our investments in our Galen College of Nursing, one of the largest educators of nurses in the United States. In 2021, we announced the expansion of our nursing college in Austin, Texas; Nashville, Tennessee; and Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. We have announced seven campuses since the acquisition in 2020. Furthermore, Galen College of Nursing has helped develop an innovative and evidence-based curriculum to prepare nurses for today’s workforce and meet the needs of patients. It has also provided a significant pipeline of nurses for our facilities, and, on an annual basis, we hope to hire three times the number of graduates over the next few years compared to the number of annual hires today.

Strengthening programs for tomorrow’s physicians

HCA Healthcare recently announced that we off ered 1,982 positions for our July 2021 graduate medical education (GME) programs — our largest incoming class to date and the largest among teaching hospitals in the United States. As a result, HCA Healthcare has become a significant provider of clinical and medical education and is the largest sponsor of GME programs in the United States, with 299 Accreditation Council for Graduate Medical Education (ACGME) accredited programs, more than 4,800 residents and fellows, and 59 teaching hospitals across 16 states. By growing our GME program, we strive to build our pipeline of physicians for our facilities and meet the growing needs of our communities. We respect the autonomy and expertise of our physicians and advanced practice providers and collaborate with them through physician governance councils, operational and service line support, physician engagement and patient safety culture surveys, and our network of physician relationship specialists. We have also invested in more clinical resources for our physicians, building state-of-the-art operating rooms, upgrading facilities, and advancing technology capabilities, like telehealth, to increase access to care and further support and protect our physicians. As one of the nation’s leading healthcare providers, we are committed to investing in clinical resources so we can provide high-quality care to our patients.

Advancing our clinical excellence

Clinical excellence is what we stand for as an organization — quality and compassionate care that we’d expect for ourselves, our families, and our friends. In its 2021 Hospital Safety Grades, The Leapfrog Group recognized 84% of HCA Healthcare hospitals with an A or B rating, as compared to 58% of hospitals nationally. In February 2021, 14 HCA Healthcare hospitals were recognized among the “250 Best Hospitals” by Healthgrades, which also recognized Mission Hospital, an HCA Healthcare affiliated hospital, as one of the “50 Best Hospitals.” In addition, 16 of the best performing hospitals in the nation are part of HCA Healthcare, according to Fortune/ IBM Watson Health’s 2021 “Top 100 Hospitals” Annual Study. This recognition testifies to the hard work of our nurses, physicians, and colleagues, and it’s because of their dedication to clinical excellence that HCA Healthcare continues to advance healthcare standards. We have also continued to share best practices to optimize our service lines across our facilities. As a result, in 2021, 18 HCA Healthcare facilities received Press Ganey Pinnacle of Excellence or Guardian of Excellence awards for patient experience.

In February 2021, 14 HCA Healthcare hospitals were recognized among the “250 Best Hospitals” by Healthgrades, which also recognized Mission Hospital, an HCA Healthcare affiliated hospital, as one of the “50 Best Hospitals.” In addition, 16 of the best performing hospitals in the nation are part of HCA Healthcare, according to Fortune/ IBM Watson Health’s 2021 “Top 100 Hospitals” Annual Study.

We believe leveraging our unique scale can accelerate learning. For example, early in 2021, HCA Healthcare’s clinical research team formed a consortium of prominent public and private research institutions to use our organization’s vast data on COVID-19 hospital care to improve patient outcomes and public knowledge. The COVID-19 Consortium of HCA Healthcare and Academia for Research GEneration (CHARGE) provides a framework for cooperation and coordination among all its members to pose research questions, scrutinize, and validate methods, and, most importantly, share and act on innovative ideas that will help lead to impactful results. The member institutions — including the federal Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality (AHRQ), Johns Hopkins University, Duke University, Meharry Medical College, Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Institute, and others — accessed the data in a research program directed by the HCA Healthcare Research Institute (HRI). As of December 31, 2021, 12 studies were being conducted or had been completed using de-identified data from more than 210,000 patients in the HCA Healthcare COVID-19 Registry. Topics include the effi cacy of therapeutics, operational effi ciency in treating patients, predictive modeling for needing intensive care, and the eff ects of disparities.

For example, early in 2021, HCA Healthcare’s clinical research team formed a consortium of prominent public and private research institutions to use our organization’s vast data on COVID-19 hospital care to improve patient outcomes and public knowledge.

Preparing for the next generation of healthcare

Next-generation patient care will require data-driven support to allow a sharper focus on safe, effi cient, and eff ective patient care. HCA Healthcare is committed to establishing partnerships and exploring new initiatives to enhance care delivery.

In May, we announced a multi-year strategic partnership with Google Cloud to enhance HCA Healthcare’s use of information technology to accelerate digital transformation. The partnership is designed to help create a secure and dynamic data analytics platform for HCA Healthcare and help develop next-generation operational models focused on actionable insights and improved workflows. In combination with significant investments in mobility to support clinical care, the partnership with Google Cloud is expected to empower physicians, nurses, and others with workflow tools, analysis, and alerts on their mobile devices to help clinicians respond quickly to changes in a patient’s condition. The partnership will also focus on aiding non-clinical support areas that may benefit from improved workflows through better use of data and insights, such as supply chain, human resources, and physical plant operations.

The partnership is designed to help create a secure and dynamic data analytics platform for HCA Healthcare and help develop next-generation operational models focused on actionable insights and improved workflows.

In the spring of 2021, HCA Healthcare’s Information Technology Group (ITG) and Clinical Operations Group (COG) hosted a Coding for Caregivers “Hackathon” event that asked nurses to submit their ideas for improving work efficiencies at the patient bedside. HCA Healthcare nurses submitted more than 5,000 ideas which were reviewed by 29 teams comprised of nearly 600 participants — including clinical representatives, developers, project managers, and quality analysts — who provided solutions to improve care efficiencies for nurses across the organization. The collaboration produced a list of projects that are currently under development, including the introduction of an automated process for notifying clinicians when patient medications are refilled in their dispensing cabinets — saving valuable time and resources. An additional clinical area of focus is care transformation. In 2021, we established a new office of Care Transformation and Innovation (CT&I) dedicated to using HCA Healthcare’s capacity and scale to help care teams achieve better, more efficient, digitally-enabled outcomes through increased integration of technology into clinical care. This work is supported by a variety of experts across our clinical care, data science, and technology groups. Additionally, telehealth continues to be an essential point of access to healthcare for many of the communities we serve, and we are continuing to invest in our telehealth capabilities. For instance, in the past year, we’ve enabled multiple telehealth video and mobile applications to be used by 6,000 providers in our outpatient and hospital-based clinics and added more than 3,000 telehealth endpoints in our hospitals.

In 2021, we established a new office of Care Transformation and Innovation (CT&I) dedicated to using HCA Healthcare’s capacity and scale to help care teams achieve better, more efficient, digitally-enabled outcomes through increased integration of technology into clinical care.

HCA Healthcare shows up

When a patient needs care, we show up. When a natural disaster strikes our community, we show up. When a colleague needs support, we show up. Day in and day out, HCA Healthcare nurses and other colleagues show up to care for patients across our 182 hospitals and more than 2,200 ambulatory sites of care. Likewise, our more than 45,000 active and affi liated physicians across HCA Healthcare continually display courage and skill while caring for others. In addition to the patient care given in our healthcare facilities, HCA Healthcare teams serve their communities in many ways. In May 2021, the HCA Healthcare Foundation announced the Healthier Tomorrow Fund, a new $80 million community impact fund focused on addressing high-priority community needs and health equity. The fund provides grants to nonprofit organizations in 25 communities where HCA Healthcare has a presence.

Just as important, HCA Healthcare continued to support our communities aff ected by natural disasters. When Hurricane Ida made landfall in August 2021 as a Category 4 hurricane, our teams ensured our Louisiana hospitals had appropriate staff , medications, supplies, food, water, and generator power while also safely coordinating patient transfers to sister hospitals and other nearby facilities. When a severe tornado system struck Kentucky, HCA Healthcare stepped up to provide care at TriStar Greenview Regional Hospital and contributed $250,000 in funding to support organizations providing relief services. When floods impacted Middle Tennessee, aff ecting many of our colleagues and neighbors, HCA Healthcare and the HCA Healthcare Foundation contributed $250,000 to support relief eff orts. We are also continuing to partner nationally with charitable organizations like the American Red Cross and March of Dimes.

In May 2021, the HCA Healthcare Foundation announced the Healthier Tomorrow Fund, a new $80 million community impact fund focused on addressing high-priority community needs and health equity.

Additionally, HCA Healthcare colleagues across the country acted against food insecurity with a holiday food drive and fundraiser that delivered nearly 370,000 meals to food banks in the communities we serve. The eff ort supported HCA Healthcare’s inaugural Healthy Food for Healthier Tomorrows Food & Nutrition Drive, and included 77,830 meals donated by colleagues, 52,000 meals provided by colleague charitable donations, and 240,000 meals from $60,000 in grants provided by the HCA Healthcare Foundation. And while the opioid crisis continues to affect our communities, HCA Healthcare collected 15,566 pounds of unused and expired medications, exceeding last year’s record of 13,523 pounds, during our third annual “Crush the Crisis” opioid take-back events. A total of 96 HCA Healthcare facilities across 17 states held events that were aimed at educating communities on the dangers of opioid misuse and the importance of safe and proper disposal of expired and unused prescription medications. The events collectively disposed of an estimated 10.7 million doses of medication. As part of our continued commitment to providing equitable access to high-quality care for all patients, HCA Healthcare formed the Health Equity Council in January 2021 to help identify and address health disparities within and outside of our hospitals, as well as to develop strategies that advance health equity. This cross-functional group of senior leaders led by our chief medical officer and chief diversity officer analyzes race, ethnicity, and other data to address disparities and improve patient quality, safety, and satisfaction outcomes for diverse populations.

We've also made a $10 million commitment over three years to support Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) and Hispanic-Serving Institutions (HSIs) in communities near our hospitals. We know our ability to serve diverse communities most eff ectively depends on a workforce that reflects those communities. In December 2021, HCA Healthcare donated $1.5 million to Florida A&M University’s School of Allied Health Sciences. This donation and future partnerships are intended to strengthen student pathways from undergraduate to graduate to management careers in healthcare, while also advancing diversity in healthcare and supporting the next generation of healthcare leaders. Our dedication to the communities we serve reflects our desire to address critical environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues. For instance, one of the ways we are accelerating our eff orts and embracing our role in creating healthier tomorrows is through our environmental sustainability strategy. The strategy includes four main pillars: managing energy and water responsibly, enhancing our climate resilience, sourcing and consuming efficiently, and greening our capital programs. These pillars guide our work to build a balanced plan to support Scope 1 and 2 emissions reduction and to ensure our environmental strategy is designed to complement our commitment to the care and improvement of human life, which extends to our environment. 

This is how HCA Healthcare shows up. We are proud of the work we have accomplished and look forward to sharing even more news as the year progresses.

Carrying our momentum

HCA Healthcare’s success in 2021 is primarily due to the exceptional work of our nurses, physicians, and colleagues, along with the strong partnerships we have with outstanding organizations. From their efforts, we were named a 2021 World’s Most Ethical Company by Ethisphere for the 11th year and were recognized on the 2021 LinkedIn Top Companies list. The positive impact HCA Healthcare’s caregivers and colleagues have on the communities we serve is profound, unmatched, and continues to grow. To that point, in 2021, we expanded our reach by opening and acquiring new facilities in Colorado, Florida, Tennessee, and Georgia. We also acquired a majority stake in Brookdale Health Care Services which is foundational to our ongoing efforts to provide quality home health and hospice care to our patients. We believe this joint venture will lead to improved care coordination across the HCA Healthcare network. Moving forward, we are confident that we are well-positioned with many diversified opportunities to allocate capital in a productive manner. We believe HCA Healthcare’s future is very bright. While COVID-19 continued to affect the country, our operating model delivered care for our patients, facilitated market share growth, and produced solid returns for our shareholders. We accomplished a lot in 2021, and we will continue working to carry this momentum into the new year.



Thomas F First lll

Chairman of the Board



Samuel N. Hazen

Chief Executive Officer
