To My Fellow Stakeholders, As we enter the 90th year of the history of our Company, we are energized by the extraordinary effort of Team Schein to help our customers and our business recover from the challenges of the past two years, pleased by the resulting financial achievements, and enthusiastic and optimistic for our future. Even as the global supply chain remained unsettled in 2021, Henry Schein delivered for our stakeholders. As vaccines and other infection control measures allowed society to begin resuming normal activities, we recorded net sales in 2021 of $12.4 billion, up 22.6% compared with 2020. GAAP diluted EPS for 2021 increased 58.4%, or an increase of 52.2%* on a non-GAAP basis, largely reflecting a rebound in patient traffic from the early days of the pandemic and elevated demand for our products and services, including personal protective equipment (PPE) and COVID-related products. We delivered full-year operating cash flow from continuing operations of $709.6 million versus $593.5 million in 2020, and we invested $570.6 million in acquisitions and $401.2 million in stock repurchases. Our strategy of supporting organic growth with acquisitions remained a key element of our success, with acquisitions representing 4.2% of 2021’s total revenue increase. In 2021, Henry Schein continued to increase our exposure to faster-growing and higher-margin products and services through organic growth and acquisitions. Our portfolio of complementary software and specialty products, as well as services offerings, represent an ever-increasing percentage of Henry Schein’s operating margin and total operating income, generating full-year revenue of $928.6 million, a 27.2% increase in local currencies. This offering includes what we refer to as Dental Specialty Products, which encompasses oral surgery, implant and bone regeneration products as well as endodontic and orthodontic products, plus our Technology & Value-Added Services, including Henry Schein One, a provider of integrated software and services to the dental profession. In 2021, growth was strong in each of our three Dental Specialty Product categories. Our BOLD+1 Strategy Positions Us for the Future  Our optimism for the future stems in large part from the many actions our Company took in 2021 to further position Henry Schein for growth and profitability. Two of these actions are especially meaningful – the development of our 2022–2024 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan, a key goal of which is to expand our faster-growing, higher-margin software and specialty products, and services offerings, while investing for growth in our core distribution businesses, and the implementation of a new leadership structure for our distribution businesses to support the plan. In 2021, we established the North America Distribution Group and the International Distribution Group, representing an evolution of our “One Distribution” strategy to more tightly integrate the management of our Dental and Medical distribution businesses. The new structure is designed to better leverage functions, talent, processes, and systems across Henry Schein’s distribution businesses to enhance our customer experience and maximize efficiency and performance, thereby driving growth in sales and related operating income in absolute terms. Our operating model provides the basis for us to leverage a “One Schein” offering to customers, who increasingly rely upon Henry Schein’s comprehensive network of innovative solutions and services, along with our distribution capabilities, to provide an exceptional experience that helps make their practices more successful and improve patient outcomes. Together, we make the world healthier. In short, our 2022–2024 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan positions our Company to BUILD (“B”) complementary software, specialty, and services businesses for high growth; OPERATIONALIZE (“O”) One Distribution to deliver exceptional customer experience, increased efficiency, and growth; LEVERAGE (“L”) One Schein to broaden and deepen relationships with our customers; and DRIVE (“D”) digital transformation for our customers and for Henry Schein. +1 = Pursuing Profits and Purpose Our BOLD+1 strategy is driven by our long-standing belief in the intersection of profits and purpose. We carefully balance the goals of our five constituencies (the “+1”) – Team Schein, customers, suppliers, investors, and society – through Henry Schein’s management philosophy, the “Mosaic of Success.” By giving back to society in concert with our team, customers, and suppliers, we strive to generate greater value for our investors. In 2021, we once again took numerous steps toward fulfilling our commitment to the constituents we serve within the context of what is now known as the Environmental, Social & Governance (ESG) movement. Here, in brief, is a summary of the work we pursued in 2021 to advance our ESG approach to business. Addressing climate change and ensuring a healthy environment are among our generation’s most difficult and important challenges, and within this eff ort Henry Schein can and will play a meaningful role where opportunity for impact exists. For example, we signed the Business Ambition for 1.5⁰C Initiative and joined the Race to Zero. We are also a member of the World Economic Forum (WEF) Alliance of CEO Climate Leaders and the National Academy of Medicine Action Collaborative on Decarbonization of the Health Care Sector. Through these initiatives, we are working to reduce the climate impact of our own operations and within the wider health care industry supply chain. The “Social” pillar of the ESG movement is where Henry Schein is actively advocating for the equitable distribution of health care services to underserved and underrepresented populations is a core tenet of our health equity work as well as emergency health care response. In 2021, we committed to donating at least $50 million in cash and product through Henry Schein Cares and the Henry Schein Cares Foundation, Inc. by 2025 to advance health equity. In the area of diversity and inclusion, we are focused on increasing the representation of women and other underrepresented groups in senior operating roles and promoting inclusivity training and education to elevate and support a diverse network of TSMs, fostering an environment where all TSMs can thrive individually and collectively. In 2021, we added to our existing roster of Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) with the establishment of COLEGAS, for our Hispanic and Latin American TSMs, and announced the formation of ERGs for our Pan-Asian, Military Veteran, and Disabled communities. All of our ERGs are open to all TSMs. Additionally, Henry Schein has a long record of advancing diversity in the professions we serve, including our support of the American Dental Association’s Institute for Diversity in Leadership and the National Dental Association, among other organizations and initiatives. We also strengthened our investment this year in what we believe is our greatest competitive advantage—our Team Schein Members. In these challenging times, we increased our emphasis on mental wellness and stress management as part of a broader eff ort to recruit and retain the extraordinary individuals who comprise Team Schein. Underlying our ESG eff orts is a commitment to ethical corporate governance, which starts with our largely independent and diverse Board of Directors, including five Board Committees, and governed by our Nominating and Governance Committee. Through our Sustainability Committee, a cross-functional team of senior and middle management that reviews our progress regularly, we continue to steadily advance our sustainability work. As of this writing, the world is witnessing a rise in geopolitical instability of a magnitude not seen since 1945. As with prior humanitarian crises – in Haiti, Syria, Libya, Yemen, Sudan, and other parts of the world – Team Schein is committed to responding to the health care needs of the Ukrainian people and other refugees, working in partnership with philanthropic partners, customers, and suppliers. In moments such as these, we more fully appreciate the role we can play to help alleviate the suffering of those in need, and we have committed at least $1 million in cash and products in this regard.  Our ability to give back to society in times of crisis is a direct result of our business success, and that success reflects the extraordinary commitment, hard work, and dedication of Team Schein. For 90 years, this Company has been blessed with a team that rises to every challenge and pulls together to overcome any obstacle. I am overwhelmed with gratitude. Finally, to ensure public accountability for each of these activities, we committed to providing reporting in 2022 in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative and the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, along with issuing our initial Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures report in 2022. Boldly Creating Value for Our Stakeholders The 2022–2024 BOLD+1 Strategic Plan builds on our previous strategic plans by focusing on those markets and geographies where Henry Schein can make a real difference for the ultimate benefit of our customers and their patients. And in doing so, we will enable our customers to become more successful and improve patient outcomes while creating value for our stakeholders— that’s BOLD+1. We intend to advance the seamless, unified integration of our suite of products and service solutions while demonstrating a deep commitment to giving back to society. These activities are mutually reinforcing and benefit all of our stakeholders. The theme of this year’s annual report – Boldly Creating Value for Our Stakeholders – brings together all the individual elements of our new strategic plan. Gratitude for Our People and Performance I would like to take special note of the bittersweet retirements of Steve Paladino, Gerry Benjamin, and Barry Alperin. At the end of April 2022, our Chief Financial Officer, Steven Paladino, will retire after 35 years of dedicated service at Henry Schein, including 29 years as CFO. Steven joined Henry Schein in our finance department in 1987 when the business generated approximately $125 million in revenue, and our success since then reflects the considerable contributions made by Steven. We are pleased Steven will remain a member of our Board of Directors and an adviser to Henry Schein. Succeeding Steven is Ronald N. South, Henry Schein’s Vice President, Corporate Finance, since 2008 and Chief Accounting Officer since 2013, who will become the Company’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Olga Timoshkina, who joined Henry Schein this past September as Vice President, Corporate Controller, will succeed Ron as Vice President, Corporate Finance and Chief Accounting Officer, while Graham Stanley was appointed as Vice President, Investor Relations and Strategic Financial Project Officer on September 15, 2021. We implemented this succession plan to complement our talented group of corporate senior finance leaders and business unit CFOs. Additionally, Gerry Benjamin, our Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer since 2000, is retiring on July 1, 2022, after 34 years with the Company. Gerry joined Henry Schein in 1988 and led the continuous transformation of our Global Services Group to meet the needs of each of our constituencies as we grew from being a private, domestic mail-order business into an international, full-service, publicly traded company with nearly 22,000 Team Schein Members and operations in 32 countries. His leadership was instrumental in maintaining the operational excellence for our customers over the years. We are pleased that Gerry will continue to be an adviser to Henry Schein following his retirement. Succeeding Gerry is Michael Ettinger, who has been promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Ettinger joined the Company in 1994 and has been Senior Vice President, Corporate Affairs since 2013. Prior to his current position, Michael served as General Counsel for the Company. The Global Services leadership team reporting to Michael includes Lorelei McGlynn, Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer, Jim Mullins, Senior Vice President, Global Supply Chain, Chris Pendergast, Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer, and Shirley Taylor, Vice President, Global Chief Security and Safety Officer. Barry Alperin will retire from our Board of Directors after 26 years of exceptional service, having joined our board in 1996, shortly after the Company’s initial public offering. Joining our Board in 2021 were Mohamad Ali, Deborah Derby, Dr. Reed V. Tuckson, and Scott Serota, who will undoubtedly provide valuable perspectives to the Company. We wish Steven, Gerry, and Barry the very best in their retirement and thank them for their many contributions to the Company. Along with the entire Henry Schein Board of Directors, I would like to express my utmost confidence in Henry Schein’s strategy, leadership, and Team Schein. I again off er my sincerest thanks to our Team Schein Members across the globe for their dedication, and also thank our customers, supplier partners, and investors for their continued trust. We intend to reward your faith in us.

Sincerely,

Stanley M. Bergman 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive O cer
