Dear fellow stockholders,

2021 was a year of transition as we continued to navigate the ongoing impacts of the global pandemic. We remained focused on supporting our members, patients, provider partners, and the communities we serve, with the needs of our members and patients our top priority, ensuring they received necessary care despite the ongoing challenges presented by the pandemic. Looking ahead, we will continue to proactively engage with our stakeholders to provide needed support as we all continue to learn more about the long-term impacts of the pandemic on the healthcare industry and delivery of care.

We are creating significant value by driving growth in our top-tier Medicare Advantage business while also expanding our Medicaid footprint, and increasing the contribution from our payer-agnostic Healthcare Services businesses. Expansion of our Healthcare Services businesses increases our total addressable market to include individuals enrolled in competitor Medicare Advantage plans, as well as seniors enrolled in fee-for-service Medicare through programs such as Direct Contracting. In addition, we are able to create a better customer experience, drive improved health outcomes and lower the cost of care for our health plan members as we integrate our Pharmacy, Primary Care, and Home Services in local markets.

“We are operating from a position of strength and are confident in our enterprise strategy, the fundamentals of the Medicare Advantage industry, and our ability to deliver significant and sustainable long-term value for our customers and stockholders.”

Medicare Advantage allows private healthcare companies to partner with the government to develop innovative programs to support the holistic healthcare needs of our nation’s citizens, particularly older Americans. Health comes first in Medicare Advantage, where private plans are incentivized to address the healthcare needs of the most vulnerable populations by paying plans based on the health diagnoses and demographics of their members. The program enables us to focus on all contributors to health, including social determinant factors such as food insecurity and loneliness, leading to improved health outcomes and lower cost of care. As a result, Medicare Advantage plans address affordability for the member, with many plans offered to individuals for low or zero additional monthly premium while limiting maximum out-ofpocket expenses, and often including prescription drug, dental, vision and hearing coverage, among other supplemental benefits not covered by traditional Medicare. In addition, the consumer choice in Medicare Advantage creates a competitive environment in which innovation thrives, resulting in ongoing improvement to address the unique and holistic needs of the member. The significant value of the Medicare Advantage program has led seniors to increasingly choose Medicare Advantage over fee-for-service Medicare, with now more than 28 million1 Americans in the program, representing 45%1 of Medicare eligible individuals.

Our Medicare Advantage business

Underpinning the power of Humana’s strategy is our strong and growing Medicare Advantage platform. We are incredibly proud that Humana is the second largest Medicare Advantage health plan provider, supporting over 5 million beneficiaries with high-quality coverage. We have a strong brand and our expertise caring for people as they age is highly recognized by consumers and notable organizations like Forrester, J.D. Power and USAA. As a result, we have increased individual Medicare Advantage market share over time, achieving annualized enrollment growth of 11% since 2017, which is well above market growth. Moreover, we have a proven track record of balancing membership and margin growth, with our long-term adjusted earnings growth target range of 11% to 15% continuing to be the ultimate goal. To that end, we have committed to drive a billion dollars of additional value for the enterprise through cost savings, productivity initiatives and value acceleration from previous investments. This will create capacity to fund growth and our investment in our Medicare Advantage business and allow further expansion of our Healthcare Services capabilities in 2023. These efforts span several areas, including performing a critical review of ongoing strategic initiatives across the company, intending to further focus investments on priorities where we have the greatest conviction of significant value potential, as well as driving greater operational efficiencies across the organization by modernizing, streamlining, and improving processes through automation and digital advancement. We are on a continuous journey of improvement and are confident in our ability to remain a leader in the Medicare Advantage industry, driving improved membership growth in 2023, while continuing to deliver on our long-term adjusted earnings growth target.

The quality of our product offering is the highest among our public peers, with over 97% of Humana’s Medicare Advantage members in a plan with a 4-Star rating or higher for 2022. We increased the number of contracts that received a 5-Star rating, from one contract in 2021 to four contracts in 2022, which is the most in our history. In addition, our Net Promoter ScoreSM, or NPS®— an important measure of customer satisfaction— saw an improvement of 930 basis points in 2021, reflecting our ongoing efforts to enhance the customer experience.

We recognize that not all Medicare-eligible individuals have the same health plan needs. As a result, we continue to advance our consumer segmentation efforts, developing plans that are tailored to the unique needs of specific member populations. This allows us to provide benefits that enhance and complement an individual’s existing coverage through programs like Medicaid or entities such as Veterans Affairs. We have seen great success through our initial segmentation efforts, growing Dual Special Need Plan (D-SNP) membership greater than 40% in both 2020 and 2021.

In addition, our Humana Honor plan designed for Veterans (that is also available to all Medicare eligibles) grew membership 80% in 2021. Social determinants of health can encompass environmental, financial, societal and other nonmedical factors that ultimately play a huge role in overall health outcomes. Humana is in a unique position to address key health-related social need— like nutrition/food insecurity, social support and transportation through health plan benefits, and services that address both acute and long-term needs of individual members—as an important step towards health equity. We have made great progress over the last few years in addressing social determinants of health and health equity in a number of ways. This is demonstrated in many of our initiatives that underscore the notion that health improvement is much more than healthcare, and that helping people with life’s basic social needs can have a significant impact on their health.

Our Medicaid business

We continue to successfully expand our Medicaid footprint organically, which has expanded to seven states with the addition of the Ohio contract award that is expected to go live in the second half of 2022, and the recent announcement of Louisiana’s intent to award a Medicaid contract— anticipated to begin later this year. Our Medicaid strategy is predicated on the core strengths of our Medicare Advantage chassis including our deep organizational approach to quality, provider relationships focused on valuebased care, advanced healthcare analytics, and commitment to investments in the communities we serve. We are able to offer states an individualized approach to care that considers the physical and mental well-being of beneficiaries, as well as the critical social determinants that impact the population.

Our Healthcare Services business

Our ability to drive clinical innovation and improve health outcomes is enabled by our strong integrated care delivery platform. And in recent years, we have significantly expanded our Healthcare Services capabilities in order to better serve our members and strengthen our payer-agnostic care offerings. In early 2021, we introduced CenterWell™ as the new brand to unite our broad range of payer-agnostic healthcare services offerings. The CenterWell brand speaks to how we put our members and patients at the center of everything we do. The first Humana-owned services to adopt the brand was our Partners in Primary Care and Family Physician Group senior-focused primary care centers, now named CenterWell Senior Primary Care™. Our Pharmacy and Home businesses are expected to transition to the CenterWell brand in 2022. Our Healthcare Services businesses are an important component of our strategy and will contribute considerably to Humana’s long-term growth. Combining our leading Medicare Advantage platform with our growing Pharmacy, Primary Care and Home solutions increases our total addressable market, and when integrated in local markets, creates the opportunity for improved clinical outcomes, lower cost of care and increased enterprise margin from our health plan members.

A health plan member that utilizes the full suite of our Healthcare Services assets can drive two to four times the direct margin dollars for the enterprise, as compared to a member who utilizes the health plan alone.

Pharmacy

Our Pharmacy Benefit Manager (PBM), which is the fourth largest in the country, processed 515 million 30-day equivalent scripts in 2021, an 8% increase year over year. In addition, our pharmacy dispensing business delivers industry-leading mail order penetration. Among our individual Medicare Advantage members, 38% of scripts prescribed in 2021 were dispensed by Humana Pharmacy’s mail order business, which continues to increase year over year. In addition, in more mature CenterWell clinics, we have seen mail order penetration rates for Humana members approach 50%, and when combined with prescriptions dispensed by co-located Humana retail pharmacies, total Humana Pharmacy market share can approach 60%.

We have also successfully implemented tools to enhance our e-commerce experience, while expanding our mail-order footprint to improve the ordering and delivery experience for the consumer.

Our success is measured not only by expanding share, but by also improving health outcomes, as evidenced by our 4-star level performance in important medication adherence metrics across our Medicare Advantage offerings.

Primary care organization

We have the largest senior-focused, value-based primary care organization in the country, with more than 200 centers serving approximately 350,000 patients across 24 markets in 9 states. We are still in the early stages of maturity, and are focused on expanding our geographic presence, growing paneled patient counts, and building out our platform through a combination of de novo expansion and inorganic growth. We plan to continue prioritizing tuck-in acquisitions, focused on the markets where we have an established presence, to provide more access and high-quality care to patients. In addition, we announced our intent to build an additional 26 centers in 2022 under our existing joint venture with Welsh Carson. When combined with planned acquisitions, we expect this to increase our center count by approximately 20%, bringing our total center count to approximately 250 centers by the end of 2022. As we look to 2023 and beyond, we plan to build and acquire an additional 30 to 50 centers per year. Each mature center provides a meaningful opportunity to increase contribution to enterprise earnings growth going forward.

Home solutions

In August 2021, we finalized the acquisition of Kindred at Home (KAH), the largest transaction we’ve ever done, significantly increasing the size and scope of our Home Solutions offering, while also doubling the size of our workforce, bringing in nearly 43,000 new teammates to the company. As a result, Humana is now the largest home health and hospice organization in the nation. KAH has a strong fee-for-service home health business that we are committed to continuing to grow. With KAH’s complementary capabilities, we’ll be positioned better than ever to improve health outcomes of our members and to lower the total cost of care more broadly. KAH complements our existing Home Solutions business, enabling a continuum of care comprising preventive, primary, post-acute, urgent, and hospital-level care services. We’ve made substantial progress towards our goal of scaling and maturing a risk-bearing, value-based model that manages the provision of home health, durable medical equipment (DME) and home infusion services. We believe the model has significant value creation potential, both within Humana as well as payer agnostically. Our efforts to transform home health to a valuebased model come at a pivotal time for the industry. As seniors increasingly choose Medicare Advantage, there is a meaningful opportunity for home health organizations to engage differently with patients and Medicare Advantage payers to more holistically address patient needs and improve health outcomes, reduce the total cost of care for health plans, and share appropriately in this value creation.

We are now focused on expanding to select markets in Virginia and North Carolina, which will begin in the second quarter of 2022, with a subsequent rollout to additional geographies later this year and early 2023.

We believe that approximately 60% to 70% of Humana members will be served by the comprehensive value-based model over time, while the remaining will be supported by select components based on the needs of the market.

Environmental, social, and governance (ESG)

We understand that the future success of our company, in all facets, is interdependent upon our continued attention to ESG practices, infusing ESG with the tenets of our business. We have a responsibility to our stakeholders to help build and contribute to a sustainable future for each person, each community, our business and the collective healthcare system and the environment—and that’s exactly what our ESG program is designed to do. During 2021, with the support and oversight of our Board, we set out to mature our existing ESG program, resulting in the establishment of five pillars of ESG focus that align with the company’s strategic business goals. These pillars—Access to Healthcare; Data Privacy & Protection; Environmental Impact; Product Quality & Safety; and Talent & Diversity—are the driving force behind our ESG program and will guide our efforts to advance health equity, address needs in our communities, and deliver sustainable change with shared value. We’ve further developed quantitative and/or qualitative metrics within each pillar to track, monitor and measure our progress. Additionally, we expanded our ESG disclosures during 2021 to include frameworks established by the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Managed Care Standard and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) —reaffirming our commitment to transparency within external disclosures of our performance. We’ve made great strides over the past year in ESG and we’re excited to release Humana’s inaugural Impact Report during the spring of 2022, showcasing our team’s tremendous efforts to improve health outcomes among those we serve and the communities they live.

Conclusion

In closing, our continued success would not be possible without the trust and dedication of our many stakeholders, and as such, we’d like to express our thanks and appreciation to each of them: 

OUR ASSOCIATES 

For their commitment to Humana and dedication to creating a perfect experience for our members and patients. We’re proud to enter 2022 with employee engagement in the 91st percentile, representing world-class levels. 

OUR MEMBERS AND PATIENTS 

For entrusting us to support them in one of life’s most important aspects—their health. 

OUR CLINICIAN PARTNERS 

For their unwavering commitment to addressing the holistic health needs of our members—their patients—throughout the pandemic, and sharing our goal of improving population health through actions that put patient needs first and delivering better health outcomes and reduced costs. 

OUR GOVERNMENTAL PARTNERS 

For working collaboratively on public–private partnerships that are solution oriented and drive results that will meaningfully benefit the healthcare system in the coming years. OUR STOCKHOLDERS For believing in our strategy and our ability to sustainably deliver against our long-term growth targets in 2022 and beyond. 



Sincerely,

Bruce D. Broussard

President, Chief Executive Officer



Kurt J. Hilzinger

Chairman of the Board
