Dear Shareholder, It is my pleasure to invite you to join us for the 2022 Annual Shareholder Meeting of Labcorp, being held on Wednesday, May 11, 2022, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. The 2022 Annual Meeting will be webcast live at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LH2022 during which time you will be able to vote your shares electronically and submit questions. 2021 was a historic year for Labcorp. By harnessing the power of science, technology and innovation, we continued to carry out our mission. We dedicated significant resources to fight COVID-19, quickly brought innovations to market, and advanced each pillar of our company strategy, which led us to deliver robust financial performance. We demonstrated remarkable leadership in the fight against COVID-19, continuing to leverage Labcorp’s comprehensive capabilities to expand testing access, identify and monitor new variants, and advance vaccine and therapy development. The pivotal role we play in society as a source for health answers was underscored by the implementation of our new brand. We are delivering vital information to help our customers and patients make clear and confident decisions that improve health and improve lives. In 2021, we generated $16.1 billion in revenue with $3.1 billion in operating cash flow, $2.6 billion in free cash flow (operating cash flow less capital expenditures), diluted earnings per share of $24.39, and adjusted earnings per share of $28.521, representing notable growth from 2020. We deployed capital wisely, with a total of $2.5 billion invested in share repurchases, acquisitions, and debt pay down. We continued to see the recovery of our base business (operations excluding COVID-19 testing) throughout the year. Although we anticipate that revenue from COVID-19 PCR and antibody testing will significantly decline through 2022, we believe we are positioned well for continued growth in our base business. As we effectively navigated global challenges related to the pandemic, we made great progress in 2021 across our key strategic priorities. We made significant headway as a leader in oncology by expanding diagnostic offerings and clinical trial opportunities. We intensified our customer focus and embedded technology and data throughout our business. We also pursued numerous opportunities throughout the year that have long-term and high-growth potential, including acquisitions such as OmniSeq, Ovia Health, Myriad Autoimmune’s Vectra test, and Toxikon, as well as strategic collaborations with hospitals and health systems. In all of our strategic focus areas, we leveraged our unique set of capabilities to accelerate our business and produce strong results. In 2021, management and the Board of Directors, working with outside advisors, thoroughly reviewed our company’s structure and capital allocation strategy. As part of the comprehensive review of our structure, we held extensive conversations with third parties and the Board considered a wide range of options, including significant acquisitions, divestitures, and spinning off businesses, as well as spinning and merging those businesses with strategic partners. The Board unanimously concluded that the Company’s existing structure is in the best interest of all stakeholders at this time and represents compelling opportunities to grow and create significant shareholder value. Following the conclusion of the review, the Company announced actions that the Board of Directors and management team are taking to further enhance shareholder value: • Initiate a dividend in the second quarter of 2022. The Board is targeting a dividend payout ratio of between 15-20 percent of adjusted earnings; • Authorize a $2.5 billion share repurchase program. As part of this program, $1 billion is being repurchased under an accelerated share repurchase plan; • Implement a new LaunchPad business process improvement initiative, targeting savings of $350 million over the next three years; • Provide a longer-term outlook in connection with the announcement of Labcorp’s 2021 year-end results in addition to the Company’s annual guidance; and • Provide additional business insights through enhanced disclosures beginning with Labcorp’s first quarter 2022 results. Moving forward, we are committed to profitable growth through investments in science, innovation, and new technology. As we execute on our strategy, management and the Board will continue to evaluate avenues for enhancing shareholder value. Last year, we also undertook a number of employeebased actions to make a meaningful difference for employees and to help us be a more competitive and a preferred employer in the marketplace. We focused on the importance of fostering diverse and inclusive teams to drive innovation and meet customer needs. These actions were taken with the support of the Board and will continue as our focus this upcoming year for our workforce of over 75,000 people around the world. Our long-standing commitment to strong corporate governance practices remains an important component of our success. These practices provide an important framework within which our Board and management pursue the strategic objectives of Labcorp and ensure the Company’s long-term success for the benefit of our shareholders. As part of our ongoing shareholder engagement efforts, in 2021 senior management engaged with shareholders representing more than 80 percent of the Company’s outstanding shares. Discussions with our shareholders were primarily focused on a review of our performance and differentiated capabilities, our progress in executing on our strategic priorities as a leading global life sciences company, our corporate governance practices, including refreshment, diversity, human capital management, cybersecurity and enterprise risk management, sustainability, and our executive compensation program. We value our shareholders’ input and we continuously strive to increase our level of shareholder engagement, including by involving members of the Board in meetings with our largest shareholders. Feedback from these meetings is regularly reported to the full Board to ensure all directors have the benefit of our shareholders’ perspectives. Our shareholder engagement includes input on our executive compensation, which is incorporated in the Compensation and Human Capital Committee’s annual review of our compensation program. Our compensation program is designed to create strong alignment between our executives’ pay and the performance of the company. We are committed to the continued refinement of our compensation program to better reflect successful execution of our strategy and the expectations of our shareholders. The Board of Directors believes our current compensation program, which is focused on performancebased and variable compensation, achieves this objective. At the 2022 Annual Meeting, we will ask you to (1) elect ten director nominees named in the attached proxy statement to our Board of Directors, (2) approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, executive compensation, (3) ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the year ending December 31, 2022, (4) vote upon one shareholder proposal, and (5) act on any other business matters properly brought before the meeting. We invite you to review the detailed information beginning on page 33 about the skills and qualifications of our director nominees and why we believe they are the right people to oversee the long-term performance and overall success of our company; and our Compensation Discussion and Analysis, which begins on page 46. We value your vote. Whether or not you plan to participate in the 2022 Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares are represented and voted at the meeting. I urge you to promptly vote and submit your proxy via the Internet, phone, or, if you receive paper copies of the proxy materials by mail, by following the instructions on the proxy card or voting instruction card. The world is completely different than it was two years ago when I joined Labcorp as CEO. We have been on a challenging journey that has given our company and our employees the chance to demonstrate our mission like never before. The steps we are taking advance our vision for our company and position Labcorp to play an even greater role in defining the future of global health care while delivering strong returns for investors. Our work throughout the pandemic is a case study in the potential of our unique capabilities to innovate and develop game-changing health solutions. It also highlights the many compelling growth opportunities we can realize. We have a clear path to continue to advance our strategic objectives and unlock greater shareholder value. I am incredibly proud of all that we have accomplished and feel that the future has never been brighter for Labcorp. On behalf of Labcorp’s management and the Board, I thank you for your investment in Labcorp. We look forward to your participation during the 2022 Annual Meeting. 

Sincerely,

Adam H. Schechter 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
