Dear Stockholder: You are cordially invited to attend the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders of Magellan Health, Inc., to be held on Wednesday, June 17, 2020 at 7:30 a.m., Central Time, at Five Cowboys Way, Suite 300, Frisco, Texas 75034. In light of the continuing coronavirus outbreak, the company will continue to assess the feasibility and the advisability of holding the meeting in traditional physical format at the specified time. It is possible that the meeting could be postponed, or it could be converted from a physical format into a hybrid or fully electronic format. If so, the company will issue a press release and send a notice to you of that fact. This year, nine (9) directors are nominated for election to our board of directors. At the meeting, stockholders will be asked to: (i) elect nine (9) directors to serve until our 2021 annual meeting; (ii) approve in an advisory vote the compensation of our named executive officers; (iii) determine in an advisory vote whether to hold a stockholder vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers every one, two or three years; (iv) ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent auditor for fiscal year 2020; and (v) transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. The accompanying proxy statement provides a detailed description of these proposals. We urge you to read the accompanying materials so that you may be informed about the business to be addressed at the annual meeting. It is important that your shares be represented at the annual meeting. Accordingly, we ask you, whether or not you plan to attend the annual meeting, to complete, sign and date a proxy and submit it to us promptly or to otherwise vote in accordance with the instructions on your proxy card or other notice. If you received notice of how to access the proxy materials over the Internet, a proxy card and voting instruction card were not sent to you, but you may vote over the Internet or by email. If you received a proxy card and other proxy materials by mail, you may submit your proxy card or voting instruction card for the annual meeting by completing, signing, dating and returning your proxy card or voting instruction card in the enclosed envelope. If you attend the meeting, you may vote in person, even if you have previously submitted your proxy. However, if you hold your shares in a brokerage account (“ street name ”), you will need to obtain a proxy form from the institution that holds your shares reflecting your stock ownership as of the record date, to be able to vote by ballot at the meeting. IF YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING: Registration and seating will begin at 7:00 a.m. Stockholders and their guests will be asked to sign-in and may be asked to present a valid picture identification. Stockholders holding stock in street name will need to obtain a proxy form from their broker or other institution that holds their shares to evidence their stock ownership as of the record date. Sincerely,

Kenneth J. Fasola 

Chief Executive Officer
