Dear Fellow Shareholders: 

The year 2020 put life insurers to the test. We faced an unrelenting global pandemic with severe excess mortality, the lowest interest rates in U.S. history, and extreme market volatility. The intense pressure of this environment was either going to expose brittleness or reveal strength. At MetLife, we emerged from the crucible tempered with greater confidence that we have the right strategy, the right businesses, the right culture, and the right team to create long-term value. 

Our Purpose in Action 

We believe the foundation for our success is grounded in our purpose, Always with you, building a more confident future. That purpose is a virtuous circle: We create long-term value for shareholders by empowering our people to deliver for our customers and communities. It begins, as always, with our people. During the pandemic, we needed to step up for our employees more than ever to help them feel safe, informed, engaged and inspired. We enhanced medical benefits to cover testing and treatments for COVID-19, paid for safe transportation alternatives for essential employees, and expanded mental health resources. With most of our people isolating at home, we knew they were hungry for connection, so we decided to launch virtual all-employee town halls every other week. I’ve hosted 23 since last April. As a leadership team, we believe there is a clear link between employee engagement and company performance. In 2020, our global employee engagement scores rose significantly. Across the enterprise, every score went up, every score landed in the “good” or “very good” category, and every score was above the benchmark where one was available. On a survey where a two-point move is considered the marker for culture change, we improved by more than that in the three areas we believe will contribute the most to future growth – collaboration, customer focus, and experimentation. Inspired by our purpose, our people went above and beyond for our customers in 2020. The pandemic dealt a terrible blow to many of the places where we do business. We quickly pivoted to work-from-home to maintain service levels, waived pandemic exclusions, extended grace periods, and granted more than a quarter billion dollars in relief between premium credits and charitable giving. Caring for our customers means more than grand gestures. It means doing whatever we can in our own capacity to help. Early in the pandemic, one of our sales agents in Korea, Sung-deok Choi, was alarmed by her country’s shortage of masks. A seamstress by hobby, she made a hand-sewn mask for herself that prompted a customer to ask how he could get one. In that moment, she decided to make one for every customer she met. Just one small act of kindness among the thousands our employees performed. Of course, one of the most vital roles we play is simply by fulfilling our obligations as a life insurance company. The pandemic was not just a health crisis. It was a financial crisis. At a time when jobs were vanishing and markets were reeling, we kept our promises, paying out approximately $30 billion in claims and benefits in 2020 to help restore a modicum of financial stability. This is what life insurance companies are for. 

A Year of Resilience 

Despite an unprecedented combination of challenges, MetLife came through 2020 in remarkably strong shape thanks to a sound strategy and consistent execution. The “Focus” pillar of our Next Horizon strategy directs us to allocate scarce resources and capital to their highest and best use. At MetLife, this has meant a sustained effort to improve the risk profile of our business. In 2020, we demonstrated that we are a less interest-rate sensitive company. Even with the 10-year Treasury stuck below 1 percent for most of the year, we delivered an adjusted return on equity of 12.3 percent.i No less important was the highly diversified nature of our risks. This was evident across our businesses – mortality offset by longevity; morbidity outweighed by lower utilization; weakness in Latin America countered by strength in Asia and EMEA; and lower recurring investment income significantly exceeded by the positive earnings impact of volume growth. The advantages of our all-weather Next Horizon strategy are never clearer than when conditions are the most turbulent. Two other noteworthy contributors drove our strong financial performance in 2020 – variable investment income (VII) and expense discipline. On VII, MetLife’s decision to invest approximately 2 percent of our portfolio in private equityii once again proved its worth. This asset class delivered exceptional returns in 2020, boosting VII $226 million above the midpoint of our guidance range. We have an equally strong story on expense discipline, where we delivered a direct expense ratioiii 30 basis points below our target of 12.3 percent. Year over year, this generated enterprise-wide savings of approximately $300 million. All of these elements – reduced exposure to interest rates, strong diversification, expertise at sourcing private assets, and operational rigor – led to significant value creation in 2020. Adjusted earnings per share excluding notables were up 5.3 percent. Book value per shareiv was up 10.6 percent. And cash generation was robust – we ended the year with $4.5 billion of cash and liquid assets at the holding company, well above the top end of our target buffer. This cash buffer comes after the deployment of approximately $4.5 billion toward common stock dividends, share repurchases, and accretive M&A, and the investment of approximately $3 billion to support new business growth.

I have heard 2020 referred to as a “lost year.” For MetLife, it was anything but. Our strong performance means we remain on track to deliver on our five-year Next Horizon commitments. And we continue to seize the opportunities in front of us to emerge from the crisis in even stronger shape. Our U.S. Group Benefits business is a case in point. While we have long had the premier Group Benefits platform in the life insurance space, we are deepening our competitive advantage in this highly profitable business. In 2019, we announced a suite of attractive new voluntary benefits through acquisition or partnership – digital wills, health savings accounts, and pet insurance. In 2020, we acquired Versant Health to propel us into the top tier of vision care providers in the U.S. And in the first half of 2021, we sold our property and casualty business to Farmers Insurance and established a strategic partnership through which Farmers will offer personal lines products to approximately 37 million eligible employees on our platform. 

Spotlight on Sustainability 

Sustainability is at the very heart of how we run our business at MetLife. That’s how we’ve been able to keep our promises for more than 150 years. Yet we also realize that the expectations of companies continue to rise. We are striving to advance across all dimensions of the ESG framework. On the environment, for example, we had set a goal of reducing energy use and location-based greenhouse-gas (GHG) emissions by 10 percent between 2012 and 2019. Having significantly exceeded that goal – GHG emissions fell by 27 percent – we set 11 new goals for 2030. I will highlight just a few:

We’ve committed to maintain carbon neutrality while reducing our locationbased GHG emissions by an additional 30 percent.

We’ve pledged to originate $20 billion in new green investments and to make $500 million in new impact investments, 25 percent of which will address climate change.

And we’ve allocated $5 million toward products and partnerships that drive climate solutions. 

More broadly, MetLife helped advance the market for sustainable financing in 2020 by issuing the U.S. insurance industry’s first “green” funding-agreement-backed note – a $750 million issuance that will support environmental improvement.

On the social component, MetLife is a company that deeply values diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI). We are strengthening our resolve to help build a workforce and society that protects all people and values all voices. Violence against Black and Asian communities shows us how much work we still have to do to achieve racial justice. At MetLife, we need to continue speaking out, supporting groups working for progress, and doing better at advancing women and ethnically and racially diverse (ERD) employees within our own ranks. On workforce diversity, our goal is to be a leading financial company with top-quartile performance as measured against best-in-class industry benchmarks. We make diverse slates of candidates a key component in filling senior leadership roles. We train all of our recruiters to mitigate bias in hiring. And we hold our people managers accountable for cultivating an inclusive workplace. Globally, women now represent 52 percent of our workforce, 42 percent of managers, 30 percent of our Executive Group, and 33 percent of our Board of Directors. In the U.S., ERD employees make up 18 percent of our salesforce, 29 percent of our non-sales employees, 36 percent of our Executive Group, and 16 percent of our Board of Directors.v Our programs are showing progress. For example, we have a 14-month leadership program to advance women into officer-level positions. To date, 22 percent of participants have been promoted to vice president within two years, which is three times our global rate. We also launched a talent stewardship program called “Excelerate” to advance ERD employees into officer-level roles. The program began in the fall of 2020, and of the 18 participants so far, 67 percent have been women of color. To help build a stronger pipeline, we work with a number of historically black colleges and universities (HBCUs), and in 2020 we provided $1 million to the UNCF to finance scholarships at HBCUs. To hold ourselves accountable for making continued improvement, last year we became the first U.S.-based insurer to sign the U.N. Women’s Empowerment Principles. The seventh principle is, “Measure and publicly report on progress to achieve gender equality.” We do this by releasing granular public information about the make-up of our workforce so that our performance can be tracked. We also endorsed the COVID-19 5-Point Action Agenda, which commits us to promoting inclusion in the workplace. This commitment to transparency and accountability applies more broadly as well. In 2020, we took steps to enhance our ESG reporting capabilities by leveraging the three frameworks considered the most robust: the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board, the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures, and the Global Reporting Initiative. Sustainability is not merely central to MetLife’s purpose. It is central to how we execute on our strategy. We compete every day for talent, customers, and capital. We believe companies that outperform on sustainability will have a competitive advantage in recruiting the best people, meeting and exceeding the expectations of their customers, and attracting investors who want their capital to have a positive impact.

Final Thoughts 

I believe 2021 is the year we put the lessons of 2020 to use. We know we can be more digital – we flipped from face-to-face distribution to virtual interactions in record time. We know we can be more efficient – our new flex-work model should produce both cost savings and stronger employee engagement. And we know we can be more agile – if there is one facet of our culture that has changed more than any other, it is our sense of urgency. This last point bears emphasis. Having the right strategy is not enough. Having a strong year is not enough. I can assure you that as a management team, we will never rest on our laurels. Consistent execution is our new expectation; continuous improvement our new aspiration. As I embark on my third year at the helm of MetLife, I feel more privileged than ever to lead this great institution. My commitment to you is that by continuing to live our purpose, we will create long-term value for all of our stakeholders. 



Sincerely,

Michel A. Khalaf

President and Chief Executive Officer
