To Our Stockholders: We are pleased to report that we delivered strong results for all of our stakeholders in 2021, growing our business and producing excellent margins, all while continuing to navigate the unprecedented challenges presented by the global pandemic. Our nearly 14,000 associates remained steadfast in our mission to improve the health and lives of the more than five million members we serve by delivering high quality, affordable healthcare. Their passion was unwavering and directly responsible for driving success across the enterprise, from serving our existing members to growing our business in existing states and winning business in new states. We continue to execute our sustaining profitable growth strategy. Year over year we generated 47 percent premium revenue growth that was well balanced between organic growth and bolt-on acquisitions. Our earnings per share exceeded our initial guidance despite a higher than expected net effect of COVID. Our after-tax margin, excluding the transitory impact of the net effect of COVID, was squarely in line with our long-term targets. We announced the acquisitions of AgeWell in New York and of the Medicaid business formerly owned by Cigna in Texas, for combined incremental premium revenue of $1.7 billion. We closed the acquisition of Affinity Health Plan and continued to successfully integrate Passport Health and Magellan Complete Care. On the Medicaid procurement front, we re-procured our Ohio contract and were awarded a new state contract in Nevada. I am pleased with the momentum we created with our operational and financial successes during 2021. Turning to the future, we are committed to staying close to the core as a pure-play government-sponsored managed care company. We continue to see considerable organic and inorganic growth opportunities in front of us. I am confident we have the strategy and management team to capitalize on them. Thank you for your ongoing support and interest in our Company. We are most grateful for the confidence you express in our team and the Company’s mission by your continued share ownership.

Sincerely,

Joseph M. Zubretsky 

President and Chief Executive Officer
