Dear Fellow Stockholder: It is our pleasure to invite you to attend Quest Diagnostics’ 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”). At the meeting, stockholders will vote: x to elect nine directors; x to approve, on an advisory basis, the executive officer compensation disclosed in the Company’s 2021 proxy statement; x to ratify the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm for 2021; and x to consider and vote on a stockholder proposal, as described in the accompanying proxy statement, if properly presented. Due to concerns relating to the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, and to support the health and well-being of our employees and stockholders, this year’s annual meeting will be virtual and will be held entirely online via live webcast at www.cesonlineservices.com/dgx21_vm. If you wish to attend the Annual Meeting, please see pages 63-66 in the “Frequently Asked Questions” section of this Proxy Statement for more information. While you will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting at a physical location, we have designed the virtual Annual Meeting to provide our stockholders the opportunity to actively participate in the Annual Meeting. Stockholders also will transact any other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Attendance at the meeting is limited to stockholders at the close of business on March 22, 2021, or their duly appointed proxy holder. We enclose our proxy statement, our Annual Report and a proxy card; distribution of these materials is scheduled to begin on April 9, 2021. Your vote is very important. We urge you to submit your proxy even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting. Most stockholders may submit a proxy via mail, telephone or the Internet. Instructions on how to submit your proxy are included with your proxy card and these proxy materials. Please submit your proxy promptly. Thank you for your continued support of Quest Diagnostics. Sincerely,

Stephen H. Rusckowski 

Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President
