DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS, When we wrote to you this time last year, the novel coronavirus, SARS-CoV-2, had recently been declared a global pandemic. Our team had quickly identified ways Regene on could help and had already begun isolating novel antibodies to combat the disease, but no one recognized the epic, world-changing challenges COVID-19 and 2020 would bring. The numbers have been sobering—nearly 100 million people infected globally, several million dead, and almost everyone impacted in some significant wa . The Regeneron team has been deeply impacted as well, from an early outbreak near our headquarters in Westchester, New York, to the personal loss of loved ones. Despite this unprecedented public health crisis, 2020 was an inspiring year in many ways, demonstrating the power of science and the resilience of our team. We discovered, developed and manufactured our novel REGEN-COV™ (casirivimab with imdevimab) antibody cocktail treatment for COVID-19 in record time—just 10 months from program inception through an emergency use authorization (EUA) from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). To date, tens of thousands of patients have received REGENCOV, and we are now working in partnership with the U.S. government, healthcare providers and advocacy groups to ensure all appropriate patients can access it. Unlike vaccines, which trigger the body’s own immune response to protect against infection, REGEN-COV provides virus-neutralizing antibodies directly to the patient. In the pivotal Phase 3 treatment trial, REGEN-COV reduced hospitalization or death by 70 percent in high-risk outpatients and reduced symptom duration. As we do our part to bring this pandemic to an end, we continue to evaluate REGEN-COV in additional patient populations, at lower dose levels and for prevention purposes. To that end, results from the Phase 3 prevention trial showed that REGEN-COV administered as a subcutaneous injection reduced the risk of symptomatic SARS-CoV-2 infections by 81 percent among household contacts of infected patients. As of April 2021, more than 25,000 people have participated in clinical trials of REGEN-COV, and we thank all the individuals, investigators and collaborators. Our financial position emained strong this year, with top-line growth of 30 percent and bottom-line growth of 28 percent1 through an increasingly diversified set of evenue and earnings streams. Total revenues for 2020 increased to $8.5 billion, compared to $6.6 billion for the full year 2019. EYLEA® (aflibe cept) Injection continues to reach more patients in competitive eye disease markets, with its efficac , safety and convenience setting a high bar for current and potential future entries. We are confident in the durability and continued growth of this important medicine for years to come. Annual EYLEA global net product sales reached nearly $8 billion in 2020 (net product sales outside the U.S. recorded by our collaborator Bayer), and $4.9 billion in the U.S., still without a single price increase in its history. Looking to the rest of our growing portfolio, more than 80 percent of our top-line growth in 2020 came from products and revenues other than EYLEA. Dupixent® (dupilumab) global net product sales in 2020 (recorded by our collaborator Sanofi) we e more than $4 billion, reflecting g owth of 75 percent versus 2019. This “pipeline in a product” continues to reach more patients in need with an expanded FDA indication for atopic dermatitis in patients ages 6 to 11 and an FDA acceptance of our supplemental application as an add-on treatment for children aged 6 to 11 years with uncontrolled moderate-to-severe asthma, with even more room to grow as it meets its potential to transform the treatment of certain type 2 inflammatory diseases. e also made Dupixent treatment more convenient with the FDA approval of a single-dose, 300mg prefilled syringe As the foundation of our oncology portfolio, our PD-1 inhibitor Libtayo® (cemiplimab-rwlc) is achieving significant and steady g owth with FDA approvals in two new indications, non-small cell lung cancer and basal cell carcinoma, in early 2021. Global net product sales for Libtayo were $348 million in 2020, representing 80 percent year-over-year growth. We are making progress in other cancers as well, including in March 2021 when positive results in overall survival prompted us to stop our cervical cancer trial early, with the data forming the basis of upcoming regulatory submissions. With 11 investigational therapeutics in clinic for a wide range of cancers, including eight bispecific antibodies we continue to diversify our approach to oncology and are positioned to lead the next wave of innovation in immuno-oncology. Our COVID-19 program and other important progress this year was made possible by decades of investment in our foundational VelociSuite® antibody discovery and development technologies, as well as in world-class manufacturing enterprise. Thanks to these investments and the hard work of our colleagues, in 2020 and early 2021 we achieved two new FDA-approvals of novel, Regeneron-discovered antibody medicines: the multi-antibody cocktail Inmazeb™ (atoltivimab, maftivimab, and odesivimabebgn) for Ebola, and the ANGPTL3 inhibiting antibody Evkeeza™ (evinacumab-dgnb) for a rare form of inherited high cholesterol. Regeneron is known for our science-driven approach, and as such our pipeline and research efforts continue to expand. We continue to reinvest a significant portion of our growing revenue into our R&D efforts to fuel the remarkable innovation and curiosity of our world-class team. Our early pipeline is increasingly powered by genetics, thanks to significant insights f om the Regeneron Genetics Center®, which reveals new targets for exploration as well as enriching current clinical programs. Our genetics medicine efforts also include important collaborations with Intellia Therapeutics, Inc. and Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc., which pair Regeneron’s biologic and antibody capabilities with cuttingedge technologies like CRISPR gene editing and RNA silencing. Both of these partnerships advanced candidates into clinical development for the first time in the past yea . While 2020 tested us in new ways, we are proud to say that the Regeneron team successfully advanced our mission of using the power of science to bring new medicines to people in need. We came together as never before. Watching our employees rally to support each other was awe-inspiring, as was the strong spirit of collaboration and pride in our collective purpose. We head into this next year with the confidence that we will continue to tackle some of the world’s biggest health and scientific challenges.

SINCERELY,

LEONARD S. SCHLEIFER, M.D., PH.D. 

President and Chief Executive Office
