Dear Fellow Shareholders, We are pleased to report that in 2021, we improved performance, grew earnings, enhanced cash flow, and continued to grow our mix of high margin ambulatory care. The results demonstrate a continued positive trajectory despite the hurdles of COVID 19 and other external pressures. It solidifies us as an action-oriented company that has grown earnings and improved margins consistently and is strategically positioned for continued growth and returns further stabilizing and strengthening your company. We are pleased to have the opportunity to share some details about this progress, as well as the steps we continue to take to support a positive trajectory. The primary drivers of our success in 2021 were set into action four years ago as part of an ambitious transformation plan. We remained steadfast in these key fundamental changes that enabled us to perform on a more consistent and sustainable basis as we faced unknown challenges with COVID-19 and other variables throughout 2021. The foundation we have been building allowed the enterprise to maintain a clear and unobstructed vision as it addressed the pandemic while continuing to execute the transformational blueprint. The enterprise, overall, significantly exceeded the expectations of the market, as well as our own expectations allowing us to raise Adjusted EBITDA Outlook a record three times during the year. We also produced significant cash flow in 2021, consistent with the increasing value of the key parts of our business. While these performance statistics are very important, we equally viewed the strategic vision as a guide for our forward steps. We remained focused on the transformation of Tenet into much more than a hospital company, ensuring a more balanced and sustainable economic engine while continuing to provide the most effective and efficient offering to the communities we serve with lower cost ambulatory options. We significantly scaled USPI even further by acquiring ownership interests in 86 ambulatory surgery centers from SurgCenter Development (SCD) and have the exclusive option to partner with SCD on the future development of at least 50 de novo centers over a period of five years. This complements additional ambulatory strategic joint ventures with leading physicians and health systems that continue to form a strong and growing core of USPI. We expect strong returns from these high-caliber investments. Our hospital segment, which we have appropriately trimmed over the last 4 years, remains a leader in acute care driving very strong performance in 2021, with nearly all markets exceeding our expectations for the year. We generated high patient acuity from investments in clinical technology and service line enhancements. Our operators maintained very effective cost management while confronting difficult COVID-related staffing challenges, making real-time adjustments using our analytics platform. We furthered efforts to enhance access to care, including construction projects for new hospitals and medical campuses based on data driven decisions in growth markets and service lines that are needed in these communities. Importantly, we purposely expanded our ecosystem of high-quality physicians across neurosciences, cardiovascular, musculoskeletal and other surgical services. Our hospital segment has transformed from average performance to a strong contributor in the enterprise. Our multi-year turnaround at Conifer has resulted in significant margin improvement of over 1,000 basis points since 2017. We continued to build on our progress with revamped commercialization efforts, new sales talent and technology, a focus on point solutions services and efficiencies through our Global Business Center. Based on ongoing shareholder value creation opportunities and improved business fundamentals, we announced on March 1, 2022, that we will no longer pursue a spinoff of Conifer. We believe that building on our progress with Conifer as a part of Tenet will provide greater returns for our shareholders. Looking ahead, we are focused on the continued execution at the tactical and strategic levels to continue delivery of additional value to our shareholders. This is centered around five principles: We will stand for high quality, specialty care in the community, continually enhancing services to meet the needs of our communities. We will build upon USPI’s distinctive platform, utilizing unique development and management capabilities to set the bar for high-touch service in ambulatory care settings. We will maintain a commitment to value-based care by delivering new services into the most clinically appropriate, low-cost setting across our acute care hospitals, ASCs, or physician practices. We will continue to attract and retain locally, regionally, and nationally recognized physicians with a shared commitment to excellence in compliance, quality, safety, and patient experience. Our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce reflecting the markets we operate in is fundamental to our ongoing success. We believe that we can only achieve our objectives with a high-performance culture. We remain committed to empowering our people, regardless of their role or tenure, to engage in improving our operations with measurable results. And equally ensuring we continue to evolve in offering nurses a vibrant and growing clinical environment to do their work and develop their own skills and competencies. We recognize the need to be purpose-driven in making a positive impact that complements our operational responsibilities built on an overarching goal to create a better, more sustainable path for future generations. We advanced our agenda as it relates to programs that support the key tenets of environmental, social and governance (ESG) and formed a new Board level oversight committee specific to our expanded commitment to the principles embedded in ESG to help meet our goals. Our 2022 ESG report will capture real life profiles of the steps we are taking to foster a diverse and inclusive culture, strengthen the health of our communities, protect the planet, lead with integrity, and apply sound governance. While we have made strong improvements in our Social and Governance areas, including a stronger refreshed and diverse Board of Directors in the last several years, we acknowledge that, while we are not major contributors to environmental risk, we are still actively shaping priorities to improve even further. We are balancing the needs of our patients with the goals of improved climate sustainability and working on the common ground between them ensuring our new facilities meet improved standards in this area while we develop programs to improve our existing operations. Our commitment to improvement and progress remains critical to our continued future success. The Tenet Healthcare of 2021 reflects a stronger, resilient enterprise, that is energized by the opportunities ahead. We would like to express our sincere gratitude to all our caregivers, whose resolve and commitment define Tenet as an organization. And we equally appreciate the support of our shareholders, our communities, and our partners as we fulfill our mission. We are proud to serve you. 

Respectfully,

Saum Sutaria, M.D. 

Chief Executive Officer
