Dear Shareholders, 

While 2020 brought unprecedented challenges, we are proud to lead an organization that is so deeply rooted in our purpose, so focused on delivering high quality patient care in all of the markets we serve. From the start, the COVID-19 pandemic required us to quickly activate our Crisis Response infrastructure; implement protocols consistent with new (and changing) federal, state and local guidelines; source supplies in quantity and in many cases through new channels; manage staffing challenges; and all the while continue to diagnose and treat patients accurately, efficiently and compassionately. The UHS team demonstrated tremendous agility and determination – remaining focused, resilient and committed to delivering critical care through an evolving environment. They are #HealthcareHeroes, repeatedly praised for saving and improving lives – it’s what they are trained to do and why they chose the profession – although never before put to the test as they have been this year. And never before have they shone so brightly. In 2020, we delivered care to three million patients across inpatient and outpatient access points. UHS generated net revenues of approximately $11.6 billion, an increase of 1.6% over 2019. In our Acute Care business, we completed a number of expansions including adding a new patient tower at Centennial Hills Hospital in Las Vegas; opened three new Freestanding Emergency Departments (FEDs); and continued construction of Northern Nevada Sierra Medical Center, the first full-service hospital to be built in Reno in nearly a century, on-target to open in 2022. We announced a partnership with BAYADA, enabling us to offer home health services through a joint-venture structure in priority markets, leveraging BAYADA’s expertise, reputation and aligned values. In our Behavioral Health business, we opened Canyon Creek Behavioral Health in Temple, Texas and are currently constructing another six de novo facilities, most of which are joint venture partnerships with esteemed health systems well established in their respective markets, with currently unmet demand for behavioral health services. Through our Patriot Support Programs and across our network we cared for and treated over 16,000 members of the armed forces, veterans and family members. We continue to lead the industry in outcomes measurement, this year adding Net Promoter Score (NPS) to our metrics. We celebrated 2020 as the Year of the Nurse, recognizing the vital role Nurses play in providing healthcare services, devoting their professional lives to caring for families in our communities. We thank each and every one of these dedicated caregivers across the UHS enterprise. Heroes, truly. We are proud of the reputation we have earned as a leader in the healthcare industry. For the eleventh consecutive year, UHS was recognized among ‘World’s Most Admired Companies’ by Fortune magazine. We are currently ranked #281 on the Fortune 500 list, and our employees and facilities continue to be honored by national, state and local organizations for delivering high quality care, for pioneering innovation and for their commitment to serving their local communities. Looking ahead, we believe that certain trends accelerated in response to the pandemic are here to stay. For example, Telehealth will further expand and adoption will continue to increase. During COVID-19, one of the silver linings was how quickly we (and others in the Healthcare industry) scaled Telehealth offerings. We believe the trajectory of this channel will continue, as many patients find value in accessing care faster and via the convenience of their mobile devices. While Telehealth will never replace in-person care when indicated, earlier identification of health conditions will accelerate referrals to specialists and hospitals. We also believe that the demand for behavioral health services will increase substantially as the nation continues to combat – and emerge from – the pandemic. Multiple sources reference the toll it is taking on individuals of all ages and demographics; through our network and with our resources, we play a significant role in providing hope and healing. In September, we announced the CEO transition, consistent with our long-standing succession plan. Effective January 1, 2021, Marc assumed responsibilities as CEO and President, with Alan remaining Executive Chairman of the Board. Thank you for your continuing interest, support and investment in UHS. 

Sincerely,

Marc D. Miller 

Chief Executive Officer and President
