Dear Shareholders, As we publish this Annual Report, Zoetis like many companies is shocked and saddened by the war in Ukraine. As a global community, we are filled with hope for a healthier world guided by our purpose: to nurture the world and humankind by advancing care for animals. In times of crisis, the continued care of pets and livestock remains essential, and we firmly believe this work is core to our responsibilities as colleagues and a business. Our purpose and strong culture of Core Beliefs (see sidebar, p. 3) have guided our success from the beginning. Despite the ongoing challenges of a global pandemic in 2021, we closed the year with a record-setting performance. We grew revenue by 15%—our best year ever—and adjusted net income by 19%, operationally. Importantly, our results demonstrate that animal health medicines, vaccines, diagnostics and devices remain essential, even in times of hardship, and continue to be resilient growth drivers. At the heart of everything we do are dedicated Zoetis colleagues around the world, who are reimagining animal health through innovations that help animals live healthier, more productive lives—and new approaches to support a more sustainable future for communities, animals, and the planet we share. Our strong financial performance has enabled us to continue making meaningful investments in our business, while returning capital to our shareholders. These investments are led by five strategic priorities for growth and are grounded in our purpose. I am pleased to share our progress against our priorities during 2021. 1. Driving Innovative Growth As more people turned to pets for comfort, increased spending on pet wellness and treatment fueled our portfolio and research and development (R&D) pipeline in 2021. During the year, we reported market authorizations for new products and expansions of existing medicines and vaccines in new markets: Our once-monthly chewable combination parasiticide for dogs, Simparica Trio®, has seen tremendous adoption and expanded to new markets in 2021, including Japan and Mexico. In Canada, the EU and the UK, we introduced Librela® and Solensia®, the first injectable monoclonal antibody therapies for the alleviation of osteoarthritis pain in dogs and cats. In early 2022, Solensia was also approved in the United States. In 2021, we also received market authorizations in China for Cytopoint® to treat canine itch, and Revolution PLUS®, a topical parasiticide for cats. In the EU and the UK, we received market authorization for Apoquel® chewable for treating atopic dermatitis in dogs, and authorization in Brazil for our intranasal respiratory vaccine Vanguard® i-III for dogs. In livestock, we continue to invest in R&D that aligns with our customers’ long-term needs for efficient and sustainable production. We expanded Poulvac® Procerta™ HVT-ND vaccine for poultry into new markets, including Brazil, Canada and the Philippines. We also received vaccine approval in certain EU countries for Alpha Ject® Micro 2000 for protection against two bacterial infections in sea bass. In addition, we received market authorizations in the US and Canada for Draxxin® KP, a combination treatment to control bovine respiratory disease and pyrexia. 2. Enhancing Customer Experience Being “customer obsessed” is one of our Core Beliefs and why we seek opportunities that enhance our portfolio and enrich customers’ experiences with their animals. In 2021, we announced an agreement to acquire Jurox, which develops, manufactures and markets a wide range of veterinary medicines for treating companion animals and livestock. We expect to close this transaction in 2022. As busy veterinary professionals manage more paws in their clinics, Zoetis is making access to patient information as easy and seamless as possible for them. We introduced our first online portal for presenting user-friendly diagnostic data while improving the connectivity of our systems with various practice information management software. Diagnostics—one of the fastest growing markets in animal health—has great potential for Zoetis, and we continue to invest in giving pet owners the insights and information that their animals cannot tell them. Nothing is more important to our customer experience than reliable, high-quality supply. Our flexible and agile teams enabled us to maintain a steady supply of high-quality products throughout the pandemic. We are also investing in numerous expansions across our supply network to further ensure product inventories in the face of global supply challenges (see sidebar on p. 4). 3. Leading in Digital and Data Expansion of our digital and data capabilities continued to transform the industry by equipping customers with tools and information to help them provide the best care possible for animals, and allowing our teams to better predict inventory needs and to increase efficiency and enhanced collaboration. Our Vetscan Imagyst™ diagnostic platform now offers our veterinary customers a network of expert remote pathologists for cytology diagnostics in addition to Artificial Intelligence (AI) technology for fecal testing. We continue to develop additional innovative diagnostic applications to support veterinarians as they care for dogs and cats. Improving engagement with pet owners, our Virtual Recall software is now available in more veterinary clinics and provides tailored communications based on each pet’s quality of life. Today, Virtual Recall is boosting clinic-to-client communications in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand and the UK. Within Zoetis, we are utilizing data analytics to better predict production and inventory levels and leveraging new AI-driven software to inform customer needs and offer more tailored experiences. 4. Cultivating a HighPerforming Culture Throughout the pandemic, our colleague engagement has remained consistent at 88%, a testament to our heightened focus on well-being, benefit enhancements and embracing a culture of flexibility. Through regular surveys, we continuously listen to feedback to help us strengthen our culture and build a workplace where everyone can thrive. Zoetis is widely recognized as a top employer and a best place to work in several markets. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) is one area where we have made definitive progress. Since setting our DE&I aspirations in 2020, we have been raising the overall representation of Black colleagues, women, and colleagues of color. Our Colleague Resource Groups are expanding communities of interest and allyship within Zoetis and are an integral part of our culture. Our development programs are providing unique career experiences for our colleagues, and our partnerships and close ties to philanthropy allow us to make a lasting impact on the communities where we live and work. Importantly, we are listening more and learning from each other to make Zoetis a place where everyone can bring their whole selves to work. 5. Championing a Healthier, More Sustainable Future Building on our purpose, Zoetis launched its Driven to Care strategy in 2021, which brings to life specific commitments to Communities, Animals and the Planet. The company has committed $35 million over five years through the newly established Zoetis Foundation—focusing on opportunities for veterinarians and farmers globally in the areas of education, wellness and improved livelihoods. Zoetis has played an important role in promoting public health by advancing animal care. In 2021, we were ready when zoos needed to protect their most at-risk animals from COVID. Thankfully, a COVID vaccine has not been needed for cats and dogs. But because of our early scientific work to have an investigational vaccine available, we donated thousands of doses of our COVID vaccine for animals to zoos across 14 countries—and to multiple conservatories, sanctuaries, academic institutions, and government organizations. See our sidebar on p. 2 to learn more about our progress on key environmental, social and governance (ESG) topics. The journey ahead In 2022, we see more runway for growth in petcare, diagnostics and fast-growing international markets like China and Brazil. With increasing medicalization and spending on pet health care, we will build on our incredibly strong foundation across parasiticides, dermatology and vaccines to help pets live longer, healthier lives. We also look forward to advancing our pain portfolio for dogs and cats with the anticipation of additional market approvals this year. Our ability to provide new technologies, data-driven insights and other solutions to advance disease prevention and sustainable production methods will further enable us to improve the livelihood of farmers for future generations. As I look to the next stage of Zoetis’ journey, I am inspired by the essential role Zoetis plays in shaping the focus and future of animal health on many fronts. And I know the efforts and insights of our colleagues will continue bringing the value of Zoetis to our customers every day. Thank you for your interest and investment in Zoetis. 

Kristin Peck 

Chief Executive Officer
