To Our Fellow Shareholders: In the fall of 2021, as part of our robust succession planning process, Ameren announced a new forward-thinking leadership structure with the creation of an executive chairman position, effective Jan. 1, 2022. The executive chairman role will focus on key strategic matters impacting the company, including the energy and economic policies that are critical to the exciting transformation taking place in our industry, while the president and chief executive officer will continue to be responsible for strategy development and day-to-day execution across the entire enterprise. Together, we will continue to support our mission — To Power the Quality of Life for millions of electric and natural gas customers throughout Missouri and Illinois, all while continuing to deliver strong results for shareholders. We and the Ameren team remain passionate about creating value for our customers, shareholders and communities by executing on our vision to Lead the Way to a Sustainable Energy Future by achieving transformative environmental goals, delivering meaningful social impact, continuing robust corporate governance and delivering strong sustainable growth. AS WE EMBARK ON THIS LEADERSHIP TRANSITION, we do so keeping our customers at the center of everything we do to deliver safe, reliable, cleaner and affordable energy. As testament to our focus on customers, we are proud to report that an industry-leading consumer sentiment survey recently ranked Ameren Illinois first and Ameren Missouri third in residential customer satisfaction among our electric peers in the Midwest. We deeply appreciate the extraordinary efforts made by our co-workers, day in and day out and throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, to safely execute our strategy and deliver for our customers and the communities we serve. We have and will continue to positively impact customers and communities through environmental stewardship and are making progress toward our goal of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. We are also supporting and partnering with local nonprofits and organizations that create meaningful, longlasting social impact. We are operating our company with a commitment to the highest levels of ethical business practices and strong corporate governance. And we are committed to continuous improvement with an unwavering focus on providing evergrowing value to our customers and to you, our shareholders. TRANSFORMATIVE ENVIRONMENTAL GOALS: Committed to Net-Zero Emissions In 2020, in connection with Ameren Missouri’s Integrated Resource Plan filing with the Missouri Public Service Commission, we established a goal of achieving net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 across all operations. To meet our goals, we’ve made significant investments in renewable energy. In 2021, we saw the first year of operation for our two large-scale wind facilities in northern Missouri, which added 700 megawatts of generation through an approximately $1 billion investment. In addition, we are making significant electric and natural gas investments in other innovative technologies that are transforming the grid, making it cleaner, safer, more reliable, resilient and secure. In addition, our Ameren natural gas distribution systems are comprised almost entirely of polyethylene and protective-coated steel pipelines, with the remaining few miles of unprotected, leak-prone steel pipe replaced in 2021, helping to further reduce methane emissions from our operations. Greenhouse gas reductions will be amplified in Missouri with the planned retirement of our Meramec Energy Center later this year and the expected accelerated closure of the Rush Island Energy Center. In addition, the expansion of solar energy programs offers additional opportunities to grow renewable energy for our customers in both Missouri and Illinois. We have invested more than $3 billion since 2017 in transmission infrastructure, strengthening the backbone of our grid and enabling greater levels of clean renewable energy to be accessed. Throughout 2021, we led efforts to revolutionize transportation through the expansion of electric vehicle charging stations across the Midwest, supporting our own initiatives and national efforts led by the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) and others. And we further demonstrated our commitment to a sustainable energy future by naming our first chief sustainability officer to help guide these continued efforts. SOCIAL IMPACT: Promoting Diversity, Equity and Inclusion in Our Business and Communities We are committed to diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) at our company and in our communities. Though this strong commitment starts at the highest levels of leadership, we expect the entire Ameren team to live our core values, which include respect, teamwork and DE&I. Throughout 2021, we enhanced our DE&I initiatives through successful programs, including our Employee Resource Groups. These multicultural groups are led by our co-workers who support our business goals through year-round community outreach and educational initiatives. We once again hosted a DE&I Leadership Summit for the Ameren team and community leaders featuring local and national speakers, to provide a unique learning and engagement experience. Our industry-recognized supplier diversity program continued to drive inclusive economic growth opportunities for minorityowned, women-owned and veteran-owned businesses through diverse supplier spend that totaled approximately $900 million in 2021. In addition, we have once again partnered with the University of Missouri–St. Louis Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Accelerator program to put underrepresented entrepreneurs at the center of a purpose-driven initiative, to fuel their creative business models and address the region’s economic disparities. These efforts and more have garnered Ameren several national recognitions, including being named by DiversityInc as the nation’s Top Utility for DE&I in 2021; the EEI Excellence Award for contributions to diverse supplier inclusion and development; as well as being named a Best Place to Work for Disability Inclusion by the Disability Equality Index. Investing in Our Communities The pandemic has had a long-lasting impact on the communities we serve. So many families find themselves in unforeseen financial and personal situations. At Ameren, we’ve been working since the onset of the pandemic to provide multiple avenues of support for those struggling economically. Our ongoing efforts include the use of flexible payment plans to assist those facing financial hardship. In addition, we’ve worked with customers to connect them to millions of dollars n energy assistance from state and federal sources and expanded unique company-funded programs, such as Clean Slate in Missouri and Fresh Start in Illinois, to assist those who may not qualify for other assistance programs. We continue to build on our long history of philanthropic support. In addition to supporting donations targeting energy and other assistance programs, the company donated more than $10 million in 2021 to nonprofits focused on addressing critical human needs, advancing wellness in our communities, improving educational opportunities for children and job readiness for young adults, encouraging revitalization efforts to grow the regional economy, and much more. We as a team also contributed our time and talents throughout the year to various volunteer initiatives. These included distributing school supplies to educators from underserved school districts and giving out energy-efficient air conditioners to seniors and people with disabilities to help them stay safe and cool during the summer. Ameren remains focused on serving our communities and giving back to our neighbors in times of need. GOVERNANCE Our steadfast commitment to our corporate values — including integrity — means that we always strive to conduct our business with the highest ethical standards. This is key to our long-range success, and this tone is set at the top by our experienced, engaged board of directors and senior leadership. This diverse group of leaders oversees the pursuit of our strategic objectives and sets a high bar for performance. To ensure ongoing progress, our board of directors has established executive compensation metrics tied to sustainable long-term earnings and dividend growth, operating performance, safety, DE&I and progress toward clean energy goals. These metrics are reinforced by empowering and encouraging all Ameren co-workers to speak up and engage on issues impacting the company, our customers and the communities we serve. Results are important, but more important is how we get them. Guided by an enduring strategy, lasting core values, including a promise to always do business the right way, and a continuous improvement mindset — we will achieve even higher heights together. Delivering SUSTAINABLE GROWTH Our long-term sustainable growth strategy is bringing value to our customers and providing strong results for our shareholders. Ameren is effectively managing billions of dollars of infrastructure investments, working with stakeholders to put in place constructive energy policies and achieve constructive regulatory outcomes. This includes the recent Illinois clean energy and Missouri securitization bills passed in their respective states that we expect will have a positive impact on future investments for the benefit of our customers. Our infrastructure investments, coupled with our disciplined cost management, are delivering results for our customers and shareholders. Our customers experience electric rates among the lowest in the country — well below the national average — and reliability that has improved 12% since 2013. Our weather-normalized earnings per share grew nearly 8% over 2020 results. Since the transition to an all rate-regulated business in 2013, Ameren has delivered weather-normalized core earnings per share growth of 84%, or an approximate 8% compound annual growth rate. Reflecting the confidence of Ameren’s board of directors, we recently announced a more than 7% increase to our dividend, further demonstrating our successful growth strategy — the ninth consecutive year increasing our dividend. For a second consecutive year, Ameren received the total shareholder return Index Award from the EEI as the top-ranking mid-cap company in our industry. This recognition signals successful execution of our strategy to deliver superior customer and shareholder value. Over the next five years, we plan to execute approximately $17 billion in capital projects to enhance the reliability and resiliency of our energy grid, transition to a cleaner and more diverse generation portfolio, and implement new digital technologies and cybersecurity tools. These investments are expected to deliver strong compound annual earnings per share growth of 6% to 8% from 2022–2026 (using our 2022 earnings per diluted share guidance range midpoint of $4.05 as the base).* Looking ahead, we see customer value-enhancing investment opportunities for Ameren totaling more than $45 billion over the next decade to achieve our clean energy transformation. These factors, when coupled with a strong dividend, position Ameren to continue delivering sustainable and superior long-term value. CLOSING Our relentless focus on our customers and the communities we serve has driven our ability to deliver ever-increasing value to them in terms of reliability, cleaner energy, affordability and community service, even during the challenging period we have been operating under for more than two years due to the pandemic. Moreover, execution of our strategy will continue to deliver on a strong long-term sustainability value proposition. For us, being able to lead such a dedicated and committed Ameren team is an honor and humbling responsibility. As we look ahead, central to our success will be keeping our customers at the center of our strategy and our focus on continuous improvement, including: > Our ongoing commitment to Ameren’s strategy and organizational values. > Continuing to enhance customer satisfaction. > Investing in a smarter, more reliable and resilient grid, as well as in cleaner energy resources. > Driving a clean energy transformation in a responsible fashion. > Managing costs to continue keeping customers’ electric and natural gas bills affordable. > Advocating for constructive energy policies to support investment and benefits to our customers. > Supporting regional economic development and electrification. WE BELIEVE THAT IF WE DELIVER for our customers and keep them at the center of everything we do, we’ll deliver for you, our shareholders. That’s what we’ve been able to do for many years and will continue to do as we transform for our future together. It’s exciting to work with such a dedicated team that is committed to our mission, To Power the Quality of Life, while successfully executing our strategy and delivering tremendous value to our customers, communities and shareholders. And even more exciting is that this team is well positioned to continue doing so. Thank you for your continued support of Ameren.

MARTIN J. LYONS JR. 

President and CEO
