To Our Shareholders, 2021 was a year of outstanding performance for CenterPoint Energy, led by achieving an important milestone toward the execution of our long-term growth strategy and focus on our core utility businesses. We set clear priorities to invest in the safety, reliability and resiliency of our electric and natural gas systems to drive industry-leading growth, while also advancing the transition to a cleaner energy future. As we look ahead to 2022 and beyond, we remain committed to growing our utilities and optimizing the advantages of this growth for our customers, shareholders and communities. We expect to continue to deliver on the following 10-year value proposition: • Achieving our industry-leading long-term annual consolidated non-GAAP earnings per share (non-GAAP EPS) growth target of 8% through 2024 and 6-8% through 2030; • Growing our dividends per share in line with non-GAAP EPS growth over that same period; • Investing in a $40 billion-plus capital program to continue improving the safety, reliability and resiliency of our electric and natural gas systems; • Funding our growth with no external equity issuance planned through 2030 by efficiently recycling capital; • Fully exiting our midstream investments no later than December 2022; • Progressing toward our milestones to achieve our industry-leading goal of Net Zero direct emissions by 2035, which is approximately 15 years ahead of our peers’ average; • Maintaining a healthy balance sheet; and • Striving to keep rates affordable for our customers through operations and maintenance (O&M) expense reductions of 1-2% on average annually through 2030, coupled with strong and consistent customer growth. Our Electric business has more than 2.8 million metered customers in the greater Houston area and southwestern Indiana, as well as 1,300 megawatts (MWs) of electric generation capacity in Indiana. We plan to focus nearly half of our planned $23 billion of electric capital on system growth and improvements, including major investments in our transmission and distribution systems. Execution of our strategy in our Electric business includes strengthening our infrastructure and preparing for extreme weather events. Working with regulators and other stakeholders, we have taken steps to harden our transmission system, weatherize and inspect facilities covered by new Texas requirements, and leverage enhanced system load rotation automation technology that we anticipate will allow customers to have more regular and predictable outage intervals should a load shed event occur. Additionally, CenterPoint Energy has entered into a contract for temporary emergency mobile generation for use in certain widespread power outages as allowed by new Texas legislation, and processed more than 100 critical load applications related to the natural gas industry since the winter storm in February 2021. We are working on clean energy investments in Indiana and Texas. With significant coal power plant retirements planned over the next several years, we believe we have a path to successful execution with our renewable investments in Indiana, including our expectation to energize approximately 1,000 MWs by the end of 2024. CenterPoint Energy and the City of Houston recently launched Resilient Now, a first-of-its-kind collaborative framework to develop a regional master energy plan to enhance local power resilience across the greater Houston area. The company will work jointly with individual communities across the area to optimize infrastructure investments and advance energy solutions to address weather-related challenges. The collaborative plan will also create the blueprint for a sustainable future through increased electric transportation and more renewable energy, such as solar and wind. In our Natural Gas business, as our approximately 4.2 million customers in our six-state service territory continue to choose natural gas as their preferred energy source, we are committed to investing in a more modern and resilient network for enhanced safety and environmental performance. To Our Shareholders Execution of our strategy in our Natural Gas business will be driven by a $16 billion natural gas capital plan, the majority of which is focused on modernizing our distribution system by replacing legacy steel, cast-iron and vintage plastic systems, as well as extending new infrastructure to serve the growing populations in our jurisdictions. In fact, our customer base is expected to grow more than 1% per year through 2030. In 2021, our natural gas utility performed in the top quartile of O&M costs per customer among our peers, and we continue to be a top five natural gas utility in number of customers and top three in miles of main pipelines. We anticipate an approximately 33% reduction in methane emissions by 2035 resulting from our pipeline modernization efforts. In Minnesota, we secured passage of the bipartisan Natural Gas Innovation Act in 2021, allowing us to invest in new clean energy resources and technologies to reduce emissions. Our investments also include converting our customer meter infrastructure to help enable automatic and remote shut-off capabilities under certain conditions. While we have used remote-reading capabilities for many years, these new features are designed to enhance the safety and delivery of natural gas to our customers. We expect to have approximately 250,000 customers with these new meter capabilities by the end of 2022. Throughout the year, our employees demonstrated their dedication to our communities. Faced with several natural disasters, our employees answered the call. In February 2021, when severe winter weather impacted much of the nation and a power generation shortfall occurred in Texas, our employees went above and beyond to deliver electricity as soon as it was available and keep the natural gas flowing to our customers. When Hurricane Nicholas approached Texas in September 2021, our employees were ready to support our customers and communities. Following the storm’s landfall, our electric crews restored nearly 300,000 customers in less than 12 hours. Despite Hurricane Nicholas’ impact, we maintained reliable natural gas service to our customers. Our successful performance is a testament to our employees, who validate our values of Safety, Integrity, Accountability, Initiative and Respect through their actions and commitments. We want to express our continued appreciation to them—especially our field and control center colleagues—as they have worked throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to enable us to safely and reliably serve our millions of customers. In closing, we would like to thank our customers, shareholders and communities for their trust and confidence in us as we continue to execute on our long-term growth strategy and focus on our core utility businesses. At CenterPoint Energy, we believe the best is yet to come.

David J. Lesar 

President and Chief Executive Officer
