Fellow shareholders, 2021 was a record-breaking year for our company, marked by significant milestones throughout our business, including the completion of the construction of our initial 9-train platform and the introduction of our comprehensive long-term capital allocation plan. Having delivered on our increased full year EBITDA and Distributable Cash Flow guidance, our financial results are the product of the Cheniere team’s relentless focus on execution, supported by fundamental strength in the global LNG market. Throughout 2021, the communities we operate in and serve continued to face challenges from the global pandemic, extreme weather events and unprecedented volatility in the global energy markets. As the title of our 2021 corporate responsibility report, Built for the Challenge, suggests, we maintained our focus on execution and operational excellence throughout the year despite these challenges, upholding our responsibility to provide reliable energy to our customers across the globe and deliver on our promises to shareholders. While we proved resilient in 2020, 2021 showcased the power of the Cheniere platform – we delivered on our increased financial guidance, produced record LNG volumes, and achieved significant execution milestones across our business, generating total returns of over 69% for our shareholders,. With the completion of the construction of our 9-train platform ahead of schedule and within budget, we have successfully transitioned from a developer into the world’s second largest LNG operator, affording our company significant competitive advantages as we leverage our LNG infrastructure platform to pursue disciplined, accretive growth. We strategically managed our operations through volatile global energy markets and gained significant commercial momentum As we closed the door on 2020 and entered 2021, one thing remained constant – volatility in global energy markets. Significant price increases across global gas and LNG benchmarks resulted from a confluence of factors, including higher demand for our product, driven by the need to replenish inventories after a cold winter the year prior, improved economic activity around the world, and the continued structural shift to natural gas as a flexible, cleaner-burning, and reliable source of energy. These conditions were exacerbated by rising coal and carbon prices in Europe, increased weather-driven demand in Latin America, constrained supply from some non-US LNG facilities and lower pipeline imports into Europe. In 2020, stakeholders in our industry were more concerned about security of demand than security of supply. That perspective has been reset by current market conditions, which have created significant tailwinds for long-term contracting of reliable and affordable LNG sources, like our Corpus Christi Stage 3 project. As the LNG market continued to tighten throughout the year, long-term contracting activity accelerated with demand for nearterm volumes predominating. Thanks to the reliability of our operations and the success of our origination and portfolio optimization teams, we were able to tailor LNG solutions to meet the needs of our customers in both the short- and long-term. In 2021, we signed new contracts that will deliver over 80 million tonnes of LNG from 2021 through 2042 to a geographically diverse group of creditworthy counterparties, including Tourmaline, Sinochem Group, Foran Energy Group, ENN and Glencore. These long-term contracts underscore the market’s need for new LNG supply and support our plans to sanction of Corpus Christi Stage 3 in 2022. We reinforced our track record for operational excellence and seamless execution Alongside our EPC partner, Bechtel, we completed and placed into service Corpus Christi Train 3 in March and began commissioning Sabine Pass Train 6 in December – both ahead of schedule and within budget. In fact, Sabine Pass Train 6 reached substantial completion in February 2022, over a year ahead of the guaranteed schedule. This accelerated timing once again reflects the world-class standard of execution excellence consistently achieved by the Cheniere and Bechtel teams, and I am proud to have our nine-train platform across Sabine Pass and Corpus Christi completed safely, ahead of schedule and on budget. Since our first cargo in early 2016, we have produced and exported over 2,000 cumulative LNG cargoes, totaling approximately 140 million tonnes of LNG, to customers in 37 different countries and regions around the world. During 2021 alone, we produced and exported 566 cargoes, totaling approximately 40 million tonnes. Having achieved this in just over 5 years is a testament to our team’s commitment to operational excellence, which is a key component of our culture at Cheniere. Since 2017, our operational excellence program has enabled our total run-rate capacity to increase by over 12%, effectively adding another train of production capacity. None of these operational milestones could have been achieved without a focus on safety, which is at the core of our business, as evidenced by our consistent year-on-year improvements in safety since 2018. These achievements, together with a constructive LNG market environment, culminated in four consecutive raises to our full year 2021 Adjusted EBITDA1 guidance and three consecutive raises to our full year 2021 Distributable Cash Flow1 guidance. Because of the success achieved by our teams in terms of execution, operations and financial results, we reached a cash flow inflection point, which enabled us to design a long-term capital allocation plan to deliver value to our stakeholders for years to come. We introduced our comprehensive, long-term capital allocation plan In September we presented our comprehensive “all of the above” capital allocation plan, a strategic financial framework designed to help ensure Cheniere’s long term success by strengthening our financial position, commencing meaningful shareholder returns, and committing to a disciplined approach to deploying growth capital. The capital allocation plan was enabled by our company’s incredible success across our LNG platform over the last 5+ years. With nine trains now complete and operational, representing over $30 billion of capital invested in our LNG platform, we are at the point of significant cash flow generation. Our current forecast calls for ~$14 billion in cumulative distributable cash flow through 2024. The plan to allocate this cash flow was built upon three guiding principles: a strong and sustainable balance sheet, financially disciplined accretive growth and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. The plan calls for approximately $1 billion in annual debt reduction until investment grade credit metrics are achieved, steady and meaningful capital returns to shareholders through the initiation of a quarterly dividend and the reset of our 3-year, $1 billion share repurchase authorization, and the commitment to maintaining disciplined growth capital investment parameters that will fund projects with a risk and return profile consistent with our existing 9-train platform. Thanks to the early completion of Sabine Pass Train 6 and the sustained strength of the LNG market, the timeline for achieving our debt reduction goals has accelerated from our initial 2024 target – in 2021, we paid down $1.2 billion of indebtedness, and in 2022, we expect to comfortably exceed the $1 billion target. As part of the capital allocation plan, we paid our inaugural quarterly dividend of $0.33/share on November 17th and repurchased over 100,000 shares for ~$9 million. In terms of growth, we expect to make a final investment decision on Corpus Christi Stage 3 in 2022. Reaching the point at which our long-term, fee-based cash flows can sustain a comprehensive, long-term capital allocation plan was a significant milestone for our company and a longtime goal of our management team. We believe our comprehensive capital allocation plan reflects our track record of responsible stewardship of shareholder capital and provides for the long-term sustainability of our business through cycles. We are proud of the platform we have built at Cheniere and look forward to continuing to create and share value with our stakeholders. We significantly advanced our Environmental, Social, and Governance efforts Our achievements in advancing our environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives have positioned Cheniere as a leader among its peers, particularly in data-driven environmental transparency. Since establishing our climate and sustainability principles in 2018, we have made significant progress towards supporting the sustainability of natural gas and securing its role as a long-term reliable form of cleaner-burning energy, supporting the transition to a lower carbon future for our customers and end-users globally. Each of the strategic advances we made in 2021 are built from our foundational climate & sustainability principles. We started the year with the announcement of our Cargo Emissions Tags, which will provide our customers with transparent greenhouse gas emissions data associated with each LNG cargo produced at our liquefaction facilities starting in 2022. These Cargo Emissions Tags are designed to enhance environmental transparency by quantifying the estimated emissions of LNG cargoes from the wellhead to the cargo delivery point. In support of this industry-first effort, we are collaborating with our natural gas suppliers, as well as academic institutions, to develop a robust quantification, monitoring, reporting, and verification (QMRV) program to help quantify GHG emissions at natural gas production sites in multiple basins. We also conducted the first shipping emissions study to directly measure methane emissions from an LNG carrier. Our work to measure emissions across our value chain supported the publication of our peer-reviewed LNG life cycle assessment (LCA) in the American Chemical Society Sustainable Chemistry & Engineering Journal, which was the first-of-its-kind in our industry. In 2021, we also published the key findings from our climate scenario analysis, which is an important component of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. The analysis enabled us to better understand the resilience of Cheniere’s existing and future business in various future climate scenarios through 2040. At Cheniere, we lead in accordance with our T.R.A.I.N.S. (Teamwork, Respect, Accountability, Integrity, Nimble and Safety) values and are committed to maintaining a workplace that fosters development and promotes inclusivity. As such, we continue to invest in our core human capital priorities — attracting, engaging and developing talent and advancing Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) in our workforce, which we believe helps underpin our current and future success and our ability to generate long-term value for all our stakeholders. In 2021, we grew our percentage of women and minorities in management, added two new female directors to our Board and increased the representation of racially and ethnically diverse employees across our workforce. In addition to cultivating a positive environment within Cheniere, we believe building strong relationships with and supporting the communities in which we live and work is fundamental to our success. We focus community development initiatives on local skills training, job creation and targeted community investment. This supports the long-term development of our local communities and builds critical relationships that support our business. In 2021, the Cheniere team gave back to our communities in a variety of ways, providing $4.6 million in direct community giving, 8,000+ hours of employee volunteer time, and hundreds of thousands of dollars in matching gifts and in-kind donations – just to name a few. Included in these achievements, we implemented several new community giving initiatives in 2021. We provided $500,000 in Thurgood Marshall College Fund Scholarships for students at historically black colleges and universities proximate to our operations, partnered with the Houston Parks and Recreation Department to renovate 5 parks in under-resourced communities, contributed $100,000 to the Pathway to Small Business Recovery funding for minority and women-owned businesses in southwest Louisiana, contributed $100,000 towards a partnership with the City of Corpus Christi to address gaps in the homelessness case management process, and provided COVID-19 aid to southwest India in the form of hospital beds and the construction of an oxygen generation plant. I am incredibly proud of what our team accomplished in 2021, and look forward to leveraging our many advantages and delivering significant achievements in 2022. Thank you all for your continued support of Cheniere. 

Sincerely,

Jack A. Fusco 

President and CEO
