To our stockholders: 

The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting disruption to world energy markets tested the resilience of Chevron and our strategies like never before. As we look toward economic recovery, we are grateful for our people and our partners. They have risen to the challenge, keeping global supply chains moving, powering manufacturing and transportation systems to deliver equipment and supplies to frontline workers, and ensuring essential products are available to those in need. The opportunity to leverage our assets and global relationships to give aid to others has been an honor for all of us at Chevron.

Building on Strengths 

Even before COVID-19, we were preparing to lead in a future marked by change. Our actions were proactive and disciplined – simplifying and modernizing work; integrating teams, processes and value chains across business units and geographies; elevating leadership capabilities; advancing digital solutions; and empowering our workforce to make decisions quickly, safely and with greater accountability. 

We leveraged our strengths to design a better company for the long term – one that can act deliberately, seize opportunity and generate stronger returns. And we remained true to our values, prepared to succeed in any environment, and adaptive in a dynamic world where disruption is routine. 

Our financial priorities have not changed:

Growing the Dividend 

While others are lowering dividends, we have maintained ours as we know it is a vital source of stockholder income. In 2020, we increased our payout 8 percent, the 33rd consecutive annual increase in per-share dividend payout.

Reinvesting To Grow Future Cash Flows 

Improving capital efficiency allows us to sustain our future at a lower reinvestment rate. The Noble Energy acquisition is expected to generate free cash flow and added $13 billion in enterprise value.

Maintaining A Strong Balance Sheet 

Financial strength – demonstrated by our industry-leading net debt ratio – gives us the flexibility to navigate uncertain market conditions and address emerging opportunities.

Returning Excess Cash To Stockholders 

After meeting the first three priorities, we return excess cash to stockholders through buybacks. We have repurchased shares in 13 of the last 17 years, including returning $1.75 billion to stockholders in 2020.

Our priorities anchor our commitment to deliver higher returns. They guide us in good times – and we stand by them in difficult times. They dictate a disciplined approach to capital allocation. They inform actions to strengthen our already advantaged portfolio through smart acquisitions and prudent divestments – focusing on assets that deliver higher returns. Our success in reliably delivering value for stockholders will be commemorated this year when we celebrate a full century on the New York Stock Exchange – one of only 29 companies to reach this milestone.

Operating With Resilience 

During 2020, global oil demand fell by some 9 percent, while natural gas demand fell by a more modest 3 percent. Stress in energy markets was compounded by intense competition for market share among the world’s key oil producers. These disruptions occurred against the backdrop of geopolitical uncertainty and growing economic distress. 

We demonstrated both resilience and agility in adjusting to extreme market conditions, balancing short-term cash flow and long-term value. Our portfolio is anchored in businesses that are low cost, large scale and long-lived – from our royalty advantaged position in the Permian and growing natural gas business in the Eastern Mediterranean to our feedstock advantaged chemicals business and leading fuels brands on the U.S. West Coast. We expect to deliver results through the business cycle, creating greater value for our stockholders and stronger cash flow for decades. 

When market conditions deteriorated in 2020, we swiftly reduced capital spending by 35 percent from 2019. We also reduced operating costs, reflecting our commitment to both capital and cost discipline. In the Permian Basin, we demonstrated our flexibility to cut short-cycle capital. At the same time, we redoubled internal transformation efforts to become more agile, cost efficient and streamlined. 

In our Upstream business, the acquisition of Noble Energy added complementary high-quality assets in Texas’s Permian Basin, Colorado’s DJ Basin and the Eastern Mediterranean. Portfolio additions in 2020 included approximately 5.67 million net exploration acres. We added 832 million barrels of net oil-equivalent proved reserves in 2020, with the largest net additions coming from the Noble Energy acquisition. 

Despite the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, we advanced construction of the Future Growth Project-Wellhead Pressure Management Project at Tengizchevroil in Kazakhstan. Over three years, we safely delivered by sea 408 modules, many of which weighed between 500 and 1,800 tons, to the Tengiz Field from fabrication sites in Italy, Kazakhstan and South Korea.

In our Downstream business, we completed the acquisition of Puma Energy (Australia) Holdings Pty Ltd., adding a network of more than 360 company- and retailer-owned service stations, a commercial and industrial fuels business, owned and leased seaboard import terminals and fuel distribution depots. And we made excellent progress on GS Caltex’s olefins mixed-feed cracker project at the Yeosu Refinery in South Korea. 

In 2020, we also increased production of renewable products and investments in low-carbon technologies, consistent with our energy transition strategy to help advance a lower carbon future. During the year, Chevron announced first gas production at our CalBioGas renewable natural gas (RNG) joint venture in California, formed a new RNG partnership with Brightmark and announced first production of renewable base oil through a joint venture with Novvi. 

During a year of unprecedented challenges, we also delivered one of our safest years ever. This reflects our commitment to protecting people and the environment – and our unwavering determination to keep getting better.





Advancing A Lower-Carbon Future 

Helping advance a lower-carbon future requires actions that drive measurable progress, demonstrating the improvements we are making today and our intention to do more tomorrow. Our energy transition strategy focuses on three action areas:

We are reducing the carbon intensity of our operations and assets, prioritizing the projects that return the largest reduction in carbon emissions at the lowest cost to customers and society.

We are increasing renewables and offsets in support of our business.

And we are investing in low-carbon technologies to enable commercial solutions while leveraging our capabilities and operations to advance technologies such as carbon capture and hydrogen. 

These actions will help make energy and global supply chains more sustainable – so industries and customers who use our products can work toward building a lower-carbon world.

Looking Ahead 

We are coming out of a year like none other: a global pandemic; a historic lockdown of economic activity; and unprecedented disruption in energy markets. 

Yet the greatest challenges can call forth the greatest responses. 

Through the power of innovation, markets and partnership, scientists developed multiple COVID-19 vaccines in record time. The tide is beginning to turn, and the pandemic will eventually recede. This inspiring example points the way to meeting other great challenges – eliminating poverty, creating prosperity for all and delivering the sustainable environment everyone desires. On this foundation of hope, optimism and confidence, we can work together to achieve an even brighter future. 

At Chevron, our people are helping to build this future, providing the affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner energy that billions of people rely on every day. We take great pride in enabling human progress around the world. And we are deeply grateful to all our employees, partners and stockholders who make this work possible. 

Thank you for your support and the trust you place in us. 

Sincerely,

Michael K. Wirth

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
