Dear Fellow Stockholders: We write this year with a sense of excitement as we integrate Devon Energy and WPX Energy following the transformative merger of the companies that closed early this year. The merger is already creating strong momentum for our go-forward company. Our momentum is bolstered by a milestone: This year we will recognize Devon Energy’s 50th anniversary as a company. Our excitement is tempered, of course, by our concern for families, friends and associates amid the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. We have navigated the pandemic by focusing on our dual priorities of protecting human health and preserving business continuity. It is with gratitude to our employees and contractors, and their remarkable perseverance over the past year, that we’re able to focus forward with a clear vision to thrive in the energy marketplace. Operationally, the merger expanded and diversified our footprint. Devon operates in the best areas of the best oil and natural gas plays in the United States. We look forward to the ongoing integration of our operating teams and their business processes to increase value. Financially, we’ve begun to capture the synergies that can help us strengthen our leading position among onshore independent E&Ps. And strategically, our disciplined approach to capital spending, in tandem with our demonstrated commitment to returning cash to shareholders through fixed-plus-variable dividends, has set a new standard for our industry. We believe industry-leading performance includes top-tier ESG performance—in the environmental, social and safety, and governance areas. Performance on ESG impacts every aspect of our business, including our social license to operate over the long term. We’re focused as always on progressive corporate governance, including shareholder-friendly practices such as majority voting, proxy access, special meeting rights and de-classified board elections. Once we fully integrate our operations from the merger, one of our top goals is to establish quantitative targets for our environmental priorities, including the reduction of GHG emissions. We have also evolved our approach to executive compensation to further enhance alignment with our stockholders and advanced inclusion and diversity within our corporate culture. The bottom line is this: We are committed to responsible operations to benefit the interests of all stockholders. We respectfully ask for your voting support for the items described in more detail in the materials that follow. Sincerely,

Rick Muncrief

President and CEO
