Dear Fellow Investors: Three years ago, my predecessor as CEO, Tom Farrell, wrote that Dominion Energy provides stability in a changing world — as it has done for more than a century, through a combination of flexibility and strength.

As our company and the energy industry evolve, our dedication to our mission remains as strong as ever. We are committed to serving you, our investors, by earning fair returns on and being good stewards of your investments. We are committed to serving our customers by safely delivering reliable, affordable, sustainable, and increasingly clean energy. We are committed to serving our communities through our energy-assistance programs and charitable giving, and through our focus on environmental justice. We are committed to serving our employees by helping them reach their full potential. And we are committed to protecting the environment by cutting emissions and preserving natural resources. In 2021, the people of Dominion Energy continued to focus on operational excellence as we evolved our business and positioned the company for long-term, sustainable success. Our deep roots have enabled us to weather recent storms, and we are growing your company in new directions. Among the storms we faced last year was Tom’s untimely death. Under his leadership, your company evolved from a diversified energy company into an increasingly pure-play, state-regulated utility holding company. Tom’s greatest legacy was building a company capable of thriving without him, by instilling the core corporate values that guide us every day. Dominion Energy’s continued success is a great testament to Tom, and I am humbled and honored to succeed him. YEAR IN REVIEW Throughout 2021, we delivered on our primary mission: to supply our customers with reliable, affordable, sustainable, and clean energy — to keep the lights on and the gas flowing — and to do so safely. We continued our company’s growth and our pursuit of our vision: to become the most sustainable energy company in America. We advanced our clean-energy strategy by: • Reaching agreement on major contracts for the 2.6-GW Coastal Virginia Offshore Wind commercial project, or CVOW; • Proposing new solar and energy storage projects in our second annual clean energy filing in Virginia — the largest such group ever proposed; • Completing ThermH2, a pilot project in Utah to test blending hydrogen with natural gas. We have commenced a similar pilot in North Carolina and are in the early stages of doing so in Ohio; • Increasing the number of renewable natural gas (RNG) projects under construction around the country to 10, as of this writing; and Continuing to hit milestones on important projects. For instance: – We received a Notice of Intent from the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management for CVOW in July as planned, and filed for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity with the State Corporation Commission of Virginia (SCC) on schedule in November; and – Dominion Energy Virginia reached 1 million installed smart meters, and Dominion Energy South Carolina surpassed 550,000. These developments embody our core value of Embrace Change. By turning ideas and opportunities into reality, projects such as these create excitement around the company. At the same time, we continue to aim ever higher in the safe delivery of the reliable, affordable, and sustainable energy that our customers know they can count on. Our efforts to improve operational performance embody our core value of Excellence. For example, in 2021: • We have made significant progress on safety since we made it the company’s top core value 15 years ago. We continue to achieve steady progress, cutting our OSHA recordable injury rate by nearly 30% over the past five years. • Excluding major storms, Dominion Energy South Carolina’s customers went without power for less than 75 minutes — 13 fewer minutes than the year before. Our Virginia and North Carolina customers went without power for roughly 132 minutes — 8 minutes less than in 2020, and a 17-minute improvement over 2019. We received approval from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to extend the license for Surry Power Station — a two-reactor nuclear facility in southeastern Virginia — ensuring that it will continue to serve customers through mid-century, or eight decades after it went online, and twice as long as originally planned — a testament to our employees’ dedication to safety and high standards. Together, our nuclear fleet generated power more than 90% of the time in 2021, despite five planned outages to refuel the reactor cores. • We secured the rights to more than 100,000 acres of land in Virginia to support our solar goals. • We constructively resolved substantial rate cases in Virginia, South Carolina, North Carolina, and WestVirginia. • We invested more than $1 billion in electric transmission infrastructure in Virginia and North Carolina, where we rebuilt or added more than 164 miles of transmission lines, added 15 substations, and finished more than 300 substation-related projects at existing facilities. In South Carolina, we invested more than $175 million in electric transmission infrastructure, rebuilt or added more than 115 miles of transmission lines, and finished more than 40 substation-related projects at new or existing facilities. • We earned recognition from Escalent Market Research, a behavior and analytics firm, as one of the most trusted business partner utilities, in part because of the environmental dedication of our North Carolina gas distribution company. The firm also recognized Dominion Energy Virginia as an Escalent Market Research Business Customer Champion Award winner for exemplary performance in engaging business customers. • On average, we responded to emergency calls at our five gas distribution companies within half an hour, 30 minutes faster than most state requirements. FINANCIAL RESULTS The company’s core values and its first-rate environmental, social, and governance (ESG) strategy continue to drive strong results. In 2021, we powered through the ongoing headwinds of the pandemic, supply chain disruptions, and inflationary pressures to meet our financial goals. The company reported $3.98 per share in earnings in 2021, under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP). Operating earnings came in at $3.86 per share, up 9% from $3.54 per share in 2020.* Dominion Energy paid out $2.52 per share in dividends on common stock. And our total shareholder return in 2021 — your company’s share-price appreciation and its quarterly dividend payouts — amounted to 8.1%. Looking ahead, we have projected up to $73 billion in climate-focused investments through the end of 2035 — which we believe is the largest regulated decarbonization investment opportunity for any U.S. public utility company. We expect to invest $37 billion in growth capital in the next five years. More than 85% of our fiveyear growth capital plan is focused on decarbonization. Importantly, about 75% of this is eligible for rider recovery. Through 2026, we anticipate an annual operating earningsper-share growth of 6.5%,** and a dividend growth rate on common stock of 6% annually, subject to quarterly declaration and determination by the Board of Directors. Our growth plans are also reflected in recent financing activity. In 2021, the company entered into two sustainability-linked credit facilities totaling $6.9 billion: a $6 billion master credit facility that ties certain pricing parameters to the achievement of annual renewable electric generation and diversity and inclusion milestones, and a separate $900 million credit facility, believed to be the first of its kind globally, that provides a reduced interest rate when our borrowings are used to fund clean-generation infrastructure or social investments such as supporting diverse-owned businesses, enhancing diversity within our workforce, or supporting marginalized populations within our communities. We also issued $1 billion in green bonds in 2021 to finance eligible clean-energy projects. Notably, in February 2022 we announced plans to sell our Dominion Energy West Virginia gas distribution business to Ullico Inc.’s infrastructure fund. The transaction will support company efforts to focus on five primary states where we serve customers. We believe this change, together with our broader long-term growth plans, will benefit you, our investors. CUSTOMERS EXPECT OPERATIONAL EXCELLENCE Dominion Energy demonstrates excellence when we meet or exceed expectations. Excellence begins with safety, the most important of our core values. In 2021, we turned in our second-best performance ever, owing to a slight bump in safety-related incidents as more people returned to the workplace. Our track record of improvement shows we can do better, and we will. Our customers’ highest priority is reliability. They expect their power will come on when they need it — period. In the past year, our customers in our electric service areas in Virginia, South Carolina, and North Carolina had their power 99.9% of the time, excluding major storms. Our grid improvement investments are reducing the number of minutes customers lack power, and we have received industry recognition for our mobile STATCOM, an innovative power electronic device that responds to electric transmission network anomalies within milliseconds. Our gas distribution business maintains an 811 “Call Before You Dig” program to prevent third-party damage to our pipelines, which is the primary cause of incidents involving natural gas pipelines. We know our service is essential. Our efforts to reduce third-party damage to our gas infrastructure have paid off with a reduction of 16.3% in such damage over the past two years. When major storms approach, we stage equipment and people to be ready so crews can swing into action as soon as it is safe to do so, as we did for the first winter storm of 2022 that dumped wet, heavy snow on most of Virginia. Depending on a storm’s severity, we often rely on help from other utilities. In return, we support other companies when they must combat severe weather. Thanks to these practices and preparations, the company has received several Emergency Response Awards for power restoration from the Edison Electric Institute, including one for recovery after the Valentine’s Day storm in February 2021, as described in “Answering the Call” on p. 8. Our customers also expect value for their money. Across our service areas, we are working to keep rates low and competitive with other energy alternatives. As of the end of 2021, residential and industrial electric rate averages at Dominion Energy Virginia and Dominion Energy South Carolina remained below national and regional averages. In fact, the typical Virginia residential customer’s bill has risen only 0.7% a year on average for the past couple of decades — well below the 1.8% average rate of inflation over that time. The substantial investments we are making in clean energy will entail costs, but we anticipate the typical Dominion Energy Virginia customer’s bill to rise an average of just 2.1% per year through 2035 — substantially below the current level of inflation. In 2021 and early 2022, comprehensive rate settlements were approved in Virginia and both Carolinas that will support continued capital investment; ensure customers continue receiving reliable, affordable, and increasingly sustainable energy; and balance the interests of all our stakeholders. In addition, pursuant to our successfully completed rate settlement in South Carolina, Dominion Energy forgave more than $11 million in past-due balances for electric customers and committed up to $15 million of funding for home energy-efficiency upgrades and critical health and safety repairs. All told in Virginia, working with state lawmakers, we forgave more than $200 million in 2020 and 2021. As always, we found ways to manage expenses to help keep customer rates low, through systemic efforts such as our Buy Smart procurement program — which looks for efficiencies and cost savings. Also, in our Western states, our unique, cost-of-service gas production helps customers avoid price spikes. In fact, we estimate that our customers saved over $100 million in just a seven-day period during the winter storms experienced last February, thanks to this regulatory structure. While reliability and value remain our customers’ top concerns, some are looking for additional services. In 2021, we expanded our menu of green-energy programs. Now residential customers in Virginia can buy solar through BrightSuite’s residential solar program. Customers in Utah and Idaho can buy RNG in small, affordable blocks through our GreenTherm program. SERVING COMMUNITIES Our core value of Ethics calls us to consider the welfare of others. With COVID-19 lingering throughout 2021, we continued our pandemic relief efforts — including the suspension of service shutoffs due to nonpayment for the first nine months of the year. We also offer shortterm bill extensions, and long-term payment plans. Our EnergyShare program, which began 40 years ago, helps qualified customers with energy bill payment. For 2020- 2021, we increased our funding of EnergyShare 18%. As the pandemic wore on, we continued to address human needs, support education, contribute to community vitality, and protect the environment though the work of the Dominion Energy Charitable Foundation. In 2021, the company contributed $48.6 million across our service areas through the Foundation, corporate direct-giving and energy-assistance programs, and more. As owner and operator of several public service companies that are part of the broader social fabric, we recognize that being a part of our communities means forming ties with businesses in those communities. We are working hard to increase the number of small, local, and diverse* companies we rely on for goods and services. These efforts are paying off: We have increased spending with diverse suppliers 91% from 2015 through 2021, eclipsing a billion dollars in a year for the first time ever. Four years ago, we adopted a formal environmental justice policy to ensure that we hear, fully consider, and respond to the concerns of all our stakeholders regardless of race, color, national origin, or income as we pursue our infrastructure-development initiatives. With the implementation of this policy, we have developed rigorous internal processes to ensure accountability and follow-through and have a dedicated staff for environmental justice that develops comprehensive training for employees. All major construction projects are reviewed for environmental justice considerations. In 2021, that meant more than 75 projects were reviewed. LOWER EMISSIONS, CLEANER ENERGY A key component of Dominion Energy’s growth plan is our commitment to achieving net zero Scope 1 carbon dioxide and methane emissions from our power generation and gas infrastructure operations by 2050. We are well on our way. From 2005 through 2020, we cut carbon emissions from our power generating facilities 43%, and we cut methane emissions from our gas distribution operations 32% from 2010 to 2020. Moving forward, we expect to meet these intermediate targets: a 55% reduction in carbon and a 65% reduction in methane by 2030, and an 80% reduction in methane by 2040. (For more details, visit sustainability.dominionenergy.com.) We are on course to hit each of these milestones. Moreover, our goal is to invest up to $8 billion in gas distribution modernization and carbon-beneficial RNG projects through 2035. Combined, these RNG projects should bring Dominion Energy’s natural gas businesses effectively to net zero 10 years before the company as a whole. Our most recent Climate Report, released in July 2021, was based on the framework developed by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures. It provides a snapshot of possibilities for meeting our emissions goals under different scenarios. You can find that report, our Sustainability & Corporate Responsibility Report, and our 2021 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Report — along with other information about our ESG work — at esg.dominionenergy.com. Since 2005, coal has declined from half our electricity production to approximately 10%. By the end of the decade, as part of our ongoing resource planning, we intend to (1) operate and maintain only a few of our remaining coal-fired stations for reliability and energy security considerations; (2) extend certain licenses for our carbon-free nuclear fleet; and (3) shift to natural gas, which not only lowers emissions— compared with emissions from coal-fired power stations — but has the quick-start capacity to support renewable generation. Indeed, we would not be able to incorporate as much renewable energy as we have — and as we plan to — without it. Renewable generation is central to our long-term strategy. At present, our most ambitious single renewable-energy effort is CVOW. When completed in 2026, its 2.6 GW are expected to power about 660,000 homes at peak output. We expect its 176 turbines to avoid up to 5 million metric tons of carbon dioxide each year — the equivalent of taking 1 million non-electric cars off the road. While CVOW is the biggest offshore wind farm under development on this side of the Atlantic Ocean, it is only one piece of our clean-energy strategy. By the end of 2035, pursuant to the Virginia Clean Economy Act, we expect to build 5.2 GW of offshore wind, and to own, operate, or contract for 16.1 GW of solar generation, as well as 2.7 GW of storage. We are making good progress: Through December 2021, our Virginia solar assets, in operation or development, stood at 6.8 GW. Just as we need natural gas to step in when demand for power exceeds what solar and wind can provide, we need to store excess power when solar and wind generation outpaces electricity demand. To that end, we continue to develop energy storage in the form of batteries. We are working to ensure natural gas is part of the solution to a clean-energy future, including through dramatic reductions in methane emissions, access to RNG, and exploration of the potential for hydrogen-blending. Our nuclear fleet continues to provide baseload generation around the clock. Our Surry and North Anna Power Stations produce nearly a third of the electricity used by our Virginia customers — including 92% of current carbon-free energy. Our Millstone Power Station provides nearly half of Connecticut’s electricity and more than 90% of its carbon-free electricity. In South Carolina, our V.C. Summer Power Station provides nearly a third of the utility’s owned power production and 91% of its carbonfree generation. We are upgrading the electric grid to make it smarter, stronger, more resilient, and more capable of handling the complexity of managing both traditional and intermittent renewable generation. Our generating fleet has grown from a couple dozen sites to nearly 100 renewable sites alone, and could exceed 400 sites by the end of the decade. Our Grid Transformation Plan in Virginia represents a comprehensive strategy to meet these challenges. In January 2022, the SCC approved the plan, subject to certain requirements. Through 2026, we expect to invest as much as $7 billion — about a fifth of our total growth capital investment over five years — on enterprise-wide electric grid transformation. At the same time, we are making our natural gas systems stronger, safer, and lower-emitting. We are modernizing the distribution system, implementing advanced leak detection and repair programs, and developing new procedures to drive methane emissions down within our operations. We are also working to allow customers to lower their emissions, with access to GreenTherm RNG, carbon-offset programs, and increased energy-efficiency programs. In Utah, we are rolling out our carbon offset program through which customers can offset their entire natural gas carbon footprint for about $60 per year. All told, we plan to spend in excess of $315 million a year modernizing our pipeline infrastructure.* DIVERSITY, EQUITY, AND INCLUSION Our workforce continues to benefit from growing diversity, equity, and inclusion (DE&I). In fact, all our stakeholders benefit, as diverse companies tend to be more innovative and productive. We know fostering DE&I is not only the right thing to do, it provides us with a competitive advantage and supports our longterm growth plan. While our journey is a marathon, not a sprint, I am pleased with our progress. From 2016 through 2021, we increased our diverse hiring rate from 36.2% to 56.2%, and increased diverse workforce representation from 31.9% to 35.4%.** Two years ago we set a target of increasing diverse representation 1 percentage point a year to at least 40% by year-end 2026. Since then we have increased diverse representation 2.2 percentage points. This progress on diversity, along with our evolving culture of equity and inclusion, demonstrates our commitment to our core value of One Dominion Energy. We are pursuing equity in other ways, too. Through the HBCU PromiseSM, we have pledged $25 million to historically black colleges and universities, because we know education is one of the most effective ways to address historic inequities. We also committed $10 million to a Dominion Energy Educational Equity Scholarship Program to support students from underrepresented communities. And through our rural-broadband program, * Dollar value incorporates assumed sale of Dominion Energy West Virginia. ** For workforce purposes, we define “diverse” as non-minority female, minority male, minority female, and undeclared female. we are helping to bring high-speed internet — a necessity for commerce, schooling, medical care, and more — to help underserved communities prosper. BRINGING THE FUTURE FORWARD Each year the company hosts an Innovation Expo, where employee ideas are judged by a panel of executives. In 2021, the Chair’s Excellence Award went to a team that proposed using solar panels for voltage support — a concept with the potential to save Dominion Energy millions of dollars. And we are putting to good use innovations from others — such as using drones to inspect above-ground pipes, remote distribution lines, and nuclear containment domes. Expect us to continue to innovate daily and create new opportunities. In 2021, we joined with five other utilities to form the Electric Highway Coalition, which is creating a network of fast-charging stations to serve electric vehicles (EVs) and since has expanded into a broader national coalition. We continue to invest in EV charging options to deploy electric school buses in Virginia, and to invest in EV charging options for homes, workplaces, and public transit locations such as airports. At the same time, we are leading by example: We have committed to convert 75% of company passenger vehicles and half of all work vehicles to electric power by 2030. THANK YOU Thanks to the hard work and high standards of our 17,100 employees, from those on the front lines across the 13 states where we operate to those who perform essential services behind the scenes, in 2021, Dominion Energy kept the lights on and the gas flowing for our customers. And we lived our values. We are excited by the largest regulated decarbonization investment opportunity for a public utility company. This will support our vision of becoming the most sustainable energy company in the country. With your support, we expect to continue to meet your expectations and achieve our goals in 2022. 

As always, thank you for your investment.

ROBERT M. BLUE 

Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer
