Dear Shareholder: 

In 2021, Duke Energy set a new pace for progress. More than 27,000 teammates rallied behind our mission to achieve net-zero emissions by 2050. Together, we delivered for our customers and communities, executed our strategy, removed obstacles to growth, and achieved industryleading results, while never losing sight of safety and operational excellence. The talented people of Duke Energy are the reason for our success. With momentum behind us and clarity ahead, we are poised to make even further progress in the coming years.

Clearing the Path Forward

Last year, we laid a solid foundation of growth, reaffirming our ability to meet our commitments and allowing us to accelerate our clean energy vision. We received approval of a comprehensive settlement agreement with the North Carolina Attorney General, North Carolina Public Staff and Sierra Club, which resolved all remaining major coal ash management issues in North Carolina and clarified recovery treatment of coal ash costs for the next decade. We raised equity at a premium valuation through a strategic transaction that others in the industry are now replicating by selling a 19.9% minority interest in Duke Energy Indiana to GIC – a leading global investment firm run by the government of Singapore – for $2.05 billion. In September, we completed the first of the two-phase sale transaction; the second phase will be completed by January 2023. Clearing the Path Forward In October, House Bill 951: Energy Solutions for North Carolina was enacted with bipartisan support, making it perhaps the most comprehensive energy legislation in the state’s history. This law positions North Carolina at the forefront of states with carbon reduction goals while continuing to prioritize affordability and reliability for customers. It includes regulatory reforms, such as performance-based regulation and multiyear rate planning – all designed to better align utility investments with customer needs and improve rate certainty. And after months of constructive dialogue, we entered into a cooperation agreement with Elliott Management. The agreement provided for the appointment of two new independent directors to our Board of Directors, bringing great expertise and diverse perspectives, which is consistent with our focus on enhancing shareholder value.

Delivering Results

Thanks to these milestone accomplishments and the actions outlined on the following pages, we produced strong financial results and delivered value for those who placed their trust in us. Our adjusted earnings per share (EPS) were $5.24 – above the midpoint of our revised guidance range. Last year’s performance was largely driven by growth in our electric and gas utilities, which saw favorable impacts from base rate increases in the Carolinas and Indiana, and our Piedmont Natural Gas business. We also benefited from a strengthening economy, including a 2% increase in electric volumes and robust residential customer growth. We focused on cost management, finding opportunities to increase productivity and flexibility, and prioritized spending based on risk and strategic value to our customers and investors. Since 2016, we have absorbed inflation and removed approximately $400 million of net regulated Electric and Gas O&M. These savings have created headroom for approximately $3 billion worth of capital projects with no incremental bill impacts. 2021 was also the 95th consecutive year we paid quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. And our stock price increased 14.6% for the year, outpacing the Philadelphia Utility Index (UTY) and the average for our regulated peers. On a Total Shareholder Return basis, we delivered 19.1%, compared to 18.2% for the UTY and 11.3% for our regulated peers. Our results in 2021 show that the fundamentals of our business are solid. We expect to see growth this year due to a combination of customer growth, rate cases and riders across our jurisdictions, including our multiyear rate plan in Florida, and the full-year impact of the Piedmont North Carolina and Kentucky natural gas rate cases. We will also continue our disciplined approach to managing costs, enhancing productivity while maintaining our focus on reliability and affordability for our customers.

Progress on the Path to Net-Zero

As a result of our drive to achieve net-zero emissions, we are leading the industry’s largest clean energy transformation. Our path to 2050 is supported by three pillars – collaborating with stakeholders, transforming and readying the system, and creating value. In 2021, we made significant progress in each area.

Collaborating with stakeholders The clean energy transition requires an active conversation among our customers, policymakers, investors, and communities. This transition will play out over decades and will need ongoing engagement with a broad range of stakeholders to get it right by balancing our climate goals with reliability and affordability. We believe this process will lead to the best outcomes for our business and our customers, as evidenced by our progress in 2021. Equitable solutions also remain a top priority as we strengthen our commitment to environmental justice and a just transition to cleaner energy. In Indiana, we submitted our 2021 Integrated Resource Plan (IRP) to the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission (IURC) in December. Benefiting from a yearlong stakeholder engagement effort, the IRP accelerates coal retirements and adds renewables and natural gas generation. In early 2022, we issued a request for proposals for new generation in the state and remain engaged with stakeholders and policymakers on the best path forward. We also continue our resource planning in the Carolinas. As part of House Bill 951, we look forward to delivering a proposed carbon plan to the North Carolina Utilities Commission (NCUC) by May 16, including robust stakeholder input. A final plan will be adopted by the NCUC by the end of 2022. We achieved positive settlements in our natural gas local distribution companies in Kentucky, North Carolina and Tennessee, along with approval of new electric rates in North Carolina following similarly effective agreements. Our ability to reach agreements on these cases underscores the constructive environment in our jurisdictions and allows us to make investments that bring value to our customers and communities. In Ohio, we asked the Public Utilities Commission to review the electric distribution rates and approve a rate adjustment to recover our ongoing investments to improve southwest Ohio’s electricity infrastructure and enhance value to customers. We expect a decision this summer. In North Carolina, we also reached a net metering settlement with solar developers and advocates, similar to the Solar Choice program in place in South Carolina. Our approach shares the benefits of rooftop solar with adopters and non-solar customers alike. We will continue to work through the regulatory process to support a full complement of rooftop solar programs in the Carolinas. Thanks to North Carolina legislation passed in 2019, Duke Energy successfully issued storm securitization bonds in 2021, saving our customers $300 million in restoration costs from a series of historic storms in 2018 and 2019. South Carolina policymakers are considering similar legislation. At the federal level, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) accepted the application filed by our company and fellow members of the Southeast Energy Exchange Market (SEEM). The approvals allow SEEM to proceed with a trading platform to facilitate a bilateral trading market, which will provide customer benefits through a shared market structure later this year while supporting increased renewables integration in the Southeast. And we’re engaging on a wide range of issues, including infrastructure, tax, and climate policy. We commend Congress and the Administration for coming together in a bipartisan way last year to pass infrastructure legislation. The infrastructure law provides significant opportunities for our company and our peers to partner with the Department of Energy (DOE) and other key agencies to implement our clean energy transformation, including $62 billion for the DOE to develop and deploy new clean energy technologies needed to close the gap to net-zero, such as advanced nuclear, hydrogen, energy storage and carbon capture. This law is an excellent example of the public-private partnerships we need to meet our clean energy goals. We look forward to putting these federal dollars to work.

Transforming and readying the system

Transforming and readying the system speaks to the hard work our employees do every day – retiring assets as part of the industry’s largest planned coal retirement, building infrastructure for the country’s largest grid, maintaining the nation’s largest regulated nuclear fleet and running a top 10 renewables company. Our system is complex, and we are preparing it to ensure it’s ready to meet our ambitious climate goals. As of 2021, we reduced our carbon emissions by 44% since 2005, the equivalent of taking over 13 million vehicles off the road. We retired five additional coal units in North Carolina and Indiana. Since 2010, we’ve retired 56 units – totaling 7,500 megawatts. We surpassed 10,000 megawatts of owned, operated or purchased renewables and remain on track to reach 16,000 megawatts by 2025 and 24,000 megawatts by 2030. By 2050, we project renewables will be the largest source of energy in our regulated utilities. In our regulated utilities, we brought multiple solar projects online in North Carolina and Florida, keeping the two states in the top five nationally for installed solar capacity. We connected more than 300 megawatts of solar in North Carolina. In Florida, we remain on track to meet our $1 billion commitment to bring 700 megawatts of solar online by the end of 2022 and are executing our $1 billion Clean Energy Connection community solar program, which will add another 750 megawatts of solar by the end of 2024. To complement these resources, we are increasing our investments in energy storage. Our 18-megawatt Lake Placid battery storage facility began serving Florida customers in December. We also added more than 80 megawatts of storage capacity to our Bad Creek pumped-storage hydro station in South Carolina and will add another 170 megawatts by 2023. To ensure cost flexibility while moving to cleaner resources, we enabled three of our Marshall Steam Station units and one Belews Creek unit in North Carolina to burn natural gas. And we successfully placed the Robeson liquefied natural gas facility in service for Piedmont Carolinas customers last year.

To get us even closer to our net-zero methane emissions goal by 2030, we announced a partnership with Accenture and Microsoft in our natural gas distribution business on a first-of-its-kind methane emissions monitoring platform. The new technology uses satellites to identify and track emissions, allowing us to more quickly repair leaks. But we can’t achieve our goals without the workhorse of our system – nuclear power. It provides more than 80% of the carbon-free power on our system. Last year, we filed the first subsequent license renewal application for our largest nuclear asset – Oconee Nuclear Station – and intend to file for all 11 units to keep these valuable assets operating for up to 80 years. We are expanding our infrastructure to meet rising demand from electric vehicles (EVs). With commission approvals in the Carolinas and Florida, we’re investing $100 million over the next three years to implement pilot programs that support the decarbonization of the transportation sector. We also joined the Electric Highway Coalition, along with many peer utilities, demonstrating our support of charging infrastructure expansion across the nation’s highways. And we launched eTransEnergy – a new subsidiary that helps companies and cities transition commercial fleets to EVs. We are always improving the grid to meet today’s customer needs. We have over $30 billion of transmission and distribution investments as part of our five-year capital plan. Work continues to further our grid improvement plan in North Carolina and South Carolina. In Florida, we will increase investment under the Storm Protection Plan clause this year, and in Indiana we’ll be working with the IURC and stakeholders to gain approval of our six-year transmission and distribution infrastructure investment plan. Last year, we completed the multiyear installation of more than 8 million smart meters throughout our jurisdictions. And we’re expanding our selfoptimizing grid capabilities. In 2021, smart, self-healing technologies helped to avoid more than 700,000 extended customer outages, saving customers nearly 1.2 million hours of total outage time. But we cannot overstate the need for emerging technologies. Although we have line of sight to 2030, we still need new, zero-carbon technologies to meet our net-zero goals. We have several partnerships in flight to accelerate these technologies and are evaluating opportunities to build on this work with the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act funding. In the nuclear space, we see exciting progress with several advanced reactor designs in development. We are actively involved with the TerraPower and GE/Hitachi Natrium reactor, which has been selected for the DOE’s Advanced Reactor Demonstration Program and includes a molten salt energy storage system. We also participate in several developer advisory boards, including the Holtec executive advisory committee and NuScale industry advisory board.

We remain on track to deploy a flow battery, which could potentially store energy for longer periods than current commercial batteries, at our Mount Holly innovation center in early 2023. We are also teaming up with Malta Inc. to study the potential benefits of converting retired coal units into long-duration storage systems. We see promise in hydrogen. We are working with Siemens Energy and Clemson University to perform studies and evaluate hydrogen integration into our generation facility that serves the university. In collaboration with the Energy Futures Initiative and regional stakeholders, we’re looking to advance a Southeast green hydrogen hub centered in the Carolinas. We recognize robust and sustained government support is vital to commercialize these advanced technologies and are advocating for policies to continue to move them forward. Creating sustainable value for customers and shareholders We understand that everything we do must deliver value for our customers and shareholders. For our customers, this means providing affordable, reliable energy but also innovating and transforming the way we do business to better serve them. We began implementing our new billing and technology system – Customer Connect – in 2021 for customers in Duke Energy Carolinas, Duke Energy Progress and Duke Energy Florida. This platform provides an improved digital experience, new billing and payment options, and more insights to help customers better understand their energy use. These investments have also enabled us to offer new rate designs to our customers. We look forward to delivering this solution to customers in the Midwest this year. To help vulnerable customers, we offered flexibility, including extended payment arrangements and increased efforts to make them aware of payment assistance. We established a dedicated agency team of customer advocates to partner with nonprofit organizations. Through this model, we helped customers receive more than $100 million in financial support to help pay their energy bills. We also assisted lowincome customers with utility bills, providing $3.2 million through the Share the Light Fund and other donations.

We improved our J.D. Power results year over year and exceeded our internal customer satisfaction benchmark due to a strong focus on improving the customer experience and delivering on customer needs. For our shareholders, the good news is that our ambitious clean energy transformation is driving growth for the business. In February of this year, we announced that our five-year enterprise capital plan through 2026 will increase to $63 billion – 80% of which represents investments in our grid and fleet transition. We also set our 2022 adjusted earnings guidance range of $5.30 to $5.60 – with a midpoint of $5.45 – and extended our longterm EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2026, off the midpoint of our original 2021 guidance range. We see the potential to earn in the top half of the range as our five-year plan progresses. But value is more than just financial results. We are committed to governance excellence and delivering results the right way. We refreshed our Board of Directors with the recent appointments of five new members, maintaining a focus on diversity of background, experience and perspectives, as well as race and gender. Last year, we conducted a review of our political expenditures and our lobbying policies and processes. We added additional oversight and released the industry’s first Trade Association Climate Report, which disclosed our relationships with trade associations and their positions on climate change. We also updated our Political Expenditures Policy in the fall to incorporate additional disclosures in connection with 501(c)(4) and 501(c)(6) organizations. In November, we announced a new Sustainable Financing Framework to help fund investments in eligible green and social projects, while providing greater transparency around our investments and our priorities. These efforts helped us earn Labrador Transparency Awards. We were named one of the top three proxy statements nationwide, top utility for overall transparency and seventh among companies for overall transparency.

A Strong Foundation of Safety and Operational Excellence

Our strategic achievements were possible thanks to our teammates’ focus on safety and operational excellence. We continue to be an industry leader in safety performance based on metrics from EEI. Our environmental performance was the strongest it’s ever been. Our generation fleet continues its exemplary reliability and safety performance. In 2021, our nuclear fleet matched its record capacity factor of 95.72%, marking the 23rd year above 90%. Our Regulated & Renewable Energy organization also maintained strong reliability. Our service territories saw minimal impacts from the Atlantic hurricane season this year, but our teammates quickly responded to customer outages. In February, Winter Storm Uri impacted our Sustainable Solutions operations in Texas, which include over 2,000 megawatts of renewables. Some assets were unable to operate because of the weather conditions while others operated at a reduced capacity during the event. Despite the conditions, our dedicated teammates were able to safely get our facilities up and running in a timely manner. With storms projected to increase in frequency and severity, we are taking steps to protect the grid and our assets. We will continue to engineer a climate-resistant grid, hardened against extreme weather and optimized for a lower-carbon future.

Improving the Lives of Our Customers, Communities and Employees

Our success isn’t measured only by strategic outcomes, but by corporate citizenship. Duke Energy and its Foundation committed more than $44 million in 2021 to help address the greatest needs in our communities, including $6 million for social justice and racial equity efforts and more than $3 million for pandemic relief. Our teammates and alumni volunteered more than 70,000 hours with nonprofits in our local communities. And our employee-based Power of Giving campaign raised over $5.2 million. Combined with matching funds, this provided nearly $10 million to support over 4,700 area organizations in 2021. We take pride in economic development, helping to recruit new companies to invest and create jobs in collaboration with state and local economic development partners In 2021, we helped attract $6.2 billion in capital investment and created more than 12,500 jobs. Our clean energy transformation will require a highly skilled, agile and diverse workforce, and we are focused on building it, whether that’s creating pipelines of local talent, expanding recruiting outreach or continuing development and agility within our own workforce. Internally, we launched a talent marketplace to help employees pursue short-term opportunities to develop new skills and expand their network, while also helping fill resource needs. Already, over 400 positions have been filled. In 2021, we improved leadership and workforce diversity, expanded training, and built awareness around key diversity and inclusion priorities. Over 6,000 employees and leaders engaged in “Let’s Talk About It” conversations. We are transparent about our diversity journey and are one of just a few in our industry that disclosed Form EEO-1 demographic data last year. Since 2020, our Foundation has committed more than $5 million to promote diverse workforce initiatives. These efforts were recognized externally. We were named one of Fortune Magazine’s “World’s Most Admired Companies” for the fifth year in a row and to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America for the 16th consecutive year. We received a perfect score on Human Rights Campaign’s 2022 Corporate Equality Index and were named a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality. Forbes also named us one of the “2021 Best Employers for Diversity” and “2021 Best Employers for Women.”

Looking Ahead to 2022

2021 was an extraordinary year for Duke Energy – one of action. And the path forward is as clear as it’s ever been. Already this year, we expanded our net-zero emissions goal to include Scope 2 and certain Scope 3 emissions. We are taking important steps to measure and reduce greenhouse gas emissions across the value chain and will collaborate with key stakeholders to further refine our net-zero efforts. We also announced we’re targeting energy from coal to represent less than 5% of our total generation by 2030 and a full exit by 2035, subject to regulatory approvals. We will share more details at our ESG Day on October 4 and in our Climate Report. The clean energy future is bright. We will build on this momentum, taking steps to ensure Duke Energy is well-positioned to lead the clean energy transformation, all while delivering sustainable value to you, our shareholders, and those we are fortunate to serve.

Lynn J. Good 

Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer
