Dear Fellow Shareholders, As we close out one of Emerson’s strongest years, I write to you with immense excitement for the future of the company and the opportunities ahead. Driven by the energy of transformation, we’re seizing the opportunity to think differently, catalyzing creative investing, taking bold and decisive action, and reimagining the Emerson – and the world – of tomorrow.

For more than 130 years, Emerson has been a partner of choice to the world’s most essential industries. It’s through our talented global workforce, advanced technologies and exceptional service that we’ve strengthened this leadership position. Now it’s time to charge forward – to build upon our impressive legacy, advance our business with intention and continue to build the foundation for a stronger future. I assumed the role of Emerson’s Chief Executive Officer in February with a clear view of our path forward and a phenomenal team by my side committed to advancing Emerson and enhancing value for our stakeholders. OUR CULTURE IS OUR FOUNDATION I started my career at Emerson more than 25 years ago, and in my roles across the company and around the world, I’ve come to understand the most important element in creating sustained growth: our people. Bright, high-performing people thrive in a supportive culture – and when our people thrive, our company becomes more collaborative, innovative and successful. I truly believe that a culture where everyone feels valued, trusted and empowered isn’t just a mark of a strong organization – it’s the making of an even stronger one. At Emerson, we are resolutely focused on modernizing our workplace. This will ensure that our company evolves with the changing needs and expectations of today’s talent and is positioned to grow and thrive now and in the future. First and foremost, we are focused on intentional action to foster a culture of inclusivity and diversity. As a global company, we know diverse perspectives and backgrounds are integral to company culture and innovation. I was proud this year when we earned a score of 100% on the Human Rights Campaign’s 2021 Corporate Equality Index and the designation as one of the Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality. While we are proud of this recognition of our efforts to build an inclusive workplace, we have more work to do. We are enhancing our talent acquisition and talent development processes to build our team of women and minority leaders, and earlier this year we introduced a goal of doubling representation at the leadership level of women globally and minorities in the U.S. by 2030. This goal will help us advance our progress towards a workforce that better reflects the communities where we live and work. We have initiated new workplace policies to increase flexibility and enable employees to work in the way best suited to their diverse needs and lifestyles. To lead our efforts to support our people and strengthen the employee experience, this year we appointed Elizabeth Adefioye as Emerson’s first Chief People Officer. With more than 20 years of human resources leadership experience, Elizabeth brings new energy and fresh perspectives to our work to ensure our people and culture agenda support our ambitious business objectives. As a member of Emerson’s Office of the Chief Executive (OCE), Elizabeth will also help develop and guide our global business strategies. We are continuing to integrate environmental, social and governance (ESG) priorities into Emerson’s culture. ESG issues are a concern of increasing priority for our stakeholders, and for good reason. We are driving business practices that are sustainable and we will do our part to respond to environmental and social issues so our planet and our communities are healthier tomorrow than they are today. To focus our strategic efforts and purpose in this area, this year we appointed Mike Train as Chief Sustainability Officer. This new role, which is part of the OCE, reflects our view of sustainability as integral to everything our company does, and advances the implementation of sustainable practices in our own business and our work to help our customers do the same. This evolution is reflected in our “Greening Of, Greening By, Greening With” framework – to define and articulate how we collaborate and realize not only our own environmental goals, but also those of our customers and stakeholders. As more of our customers set environmental targets, they need technologies, solutions and partners to help measure, track and achieve these goals. I look forward to telling more of this story in our 2021 Environmental, Social and Governance Report, to be released in early 2022. OUR PORTFOLIO DRIVES VALUE As our culture enables our employees to create truly groundbreaking approaches to innovation – it’s our portfolio that reflects the results of our work to develop solutions to the most important challenges our customers face. We have two world-class platforms today that are market leaders in their respective spaces, operate at world-class levels of profitability and create value for Emerson’s shareholders. We are committed to continuously renewing our business portfolio to ensure we are positioned to deliver long-term value creation. Towards this goal, we conducted a comprehensive review of our business portfolio with the objective of positioning Emerson into end markets with higher underlying growth rates and supportive macro-economic trends. Emerson is well positioned today and will be better positioned tomorrow to support our customers and their efforts around a sustainable future. We will continue to invest in new technologies and software capabilities that enable customers to achieve their objectives in essential industries such as life sciences, power generation and transmission, energy, cold chain, and food and water. Our portfolio evolution will be thoughtfully executed over time as we identify and implement opportunities to create value for our shareholders. W E M A I N T A I N O U R F O C U S ON EXECUTION AND RESULTS As we transform our culture and portfolio, we maintain our long-standing focus on operational execution and financial results. For the year, net sales were up 9%, and adjusted earnings per share were $4.10, up 19%. Operating cash flow was $3.6 billion, up 16%, which reflected higher earnings due to volume, operational execution across the two business platforms and favorable trade working capital. We began a comprehensive margin improvement program in the second half of 2019 and committed to driving profitability to previous historical highs. This program identified actions to realize $650 million of annualized savings by 2023 through optimization of our organizational structure and rationalization of our global facility footprint. These actions included workforce and facility rationalizations, business unit consolidations, and continued centralization of certain core functions, and were intended to reduce structural costs and streamline operational decisions. The targeted savings from the cost reset program drove the strong profitability improvement reflected in our 2021 results. The remaining savings will be realized through 2023, and we are on track to meet our profitability targets previously communicated. Our strong 2021 financial results were achieved despite a challenging operational environment in the second half of the year. Emerson’s regional manufacturing strategy combined with multi-sourcing arrangements and strong supplier relationships positioned us well to navigate these challenges. We are thankful for the extraordinary efforts made by our operations teams to continue to meet our customer needs. We’re also privileged to be guided by a strong Board of Directors with diverse industry and geographical experience. In May, we appointed James Turley as independent Chair of the Board, succeeding David N. Farr after his retirement. A member of Emerson’s Board since 2013 and Chair and CEO of Ernst & Young for more than a decade, Jim’s experience with Emerson and in finance, public company service and executive leadership are a true asset. Jim has and will continue to be a valued partner to Emerson. As I reflect on my first year as Emerson’s CEO, I’m incredibly thankful for the past and current leaders of our company who have built a solid foundation. Our progress this year would not have been possible without the dedicated leadership of the Office of the Chief Executive or the Board of Directors. I’m grateful to have such an extraordinary team of individuals that are united in strengthening Emerson and committed to helping the company achieve its full potential. This is an energizing time in the history of our company. Thank you, our shareholders, for your ongoing support and involvement. I hope you share in my excitement for Emerson’s next chapter of global leadership and industry evolution.

Lal Karsanbhai 

Chief Executive Officer and President
