Eversource Energy completed a very successful year in 2021, providing safe, reliable delivery of electricity, natural gas, and water to 4.4 million customers across New England. Our reliability remained in the top decile of our utility industry peers. We invested $3.5 billion in our energy and water delivery systems to make them more resilient and reliable for our customers. In addition, our above average utility industry performance at preventing serious injuries highlighted our commitment to Safety First and Always. We responded promptly and safely to another year of frequent and intense storm activity and received many accolades from our customers. And we continued to lead the way in supporting the aggressive decarbonization efforts of our states through ongoing implementation of the industry’s #1 energy efficiency programs, making significant progress in the development of our offshore wind projects, and continuing our efforts to make our operations carbon neutral by 2030. Eversource was the first in our industry to establish a 2030 carbon neutrality goal and our 2021 progress toward reaching it included replacing about 125 miles of older natural gas main in Connecticut and Massachusetts, reducing emissions while improving service to customers. We implemented energy-saving efficiency initiatives at our facilities. We now have more than 300 electric or hybrid vehicles in regular service in our fleet. And we worked to advance and support the development of electric vehicle charging infrastructure in Connecticut and Massachusetts. Legislation passed in Massachusetts in 2021 creates new opportunities for utility-owned solar investment. Our offshore wind joint venture with Ørsted successfully advanced three projects, totaling more than 1,700 MW of capacity, through the permitting and approval process. We received final approvals for our 130-megawatt South Fork Wind project in January 2022 and have commenced construction. This project will power about 70,000 homes in New York State with clean energy, with completion expected in late 2023. We received all onshore and offshore permits for the redevelopment of New London State Pier in Connecticut, where we are working with the state to transform an underutilized asset into a strategic hub for offshore wind assembly and construction. Eversource and Ørsted announced an agreement to charter Dominion Energy’s 472-foot ship, Charybdis, the first Jones Act-qualified offshore wind turbine installation vessel built in the United States. The vessel, which is expected to be sea-ready by late 2023, will support the construction of Revolution Wind and Sunrise Wind. We also announced that Sunrise Wind will be the first offshore wind project in the U.S. to use high-voltage direct current (HVDC) transmission technology, and our projects will support U.S. manufacturing partners in New York State and Rhode Island. The COVID-19 pandemic that shocked the world in 2020 continued throughout 2021 but did not compromise our service to customers. We continued to work with regulators to offer flexible bill payment options, recognizing the ongoing economic impact of the pandemic, and also collaborated with community agencies to ease the impact of service disconnections as much as possible. Eversource remained focused on safety, adjusting our protocols as needed to best protect employees, customers, and members of the public. We also developed and adjusted return-to-workplace policies that offer flexibility to employees without affecting service to customers. On the regulatory front, Eversource reached a constructive settlement, involving many key stakeholders, of the Connecticut Public Utilities Regulatory Authority’s (PURA) investigation into our Tropical Storm Isaias response in 2020. We filed a five-year grid modernization proposal in Massachusetts, including implementation of advanced metering infrastructure, and remained active in PURA’s grid modernization dockets, which include advanced metering, electric vehicle charging infrastructure, and other technologies. We invested millions of dollars to enable the development of electric vehicle chargers in Massachusetts, including a specific percentage in environmental justice communities. We expect to bring our first battery storage project, on Cape Cod, fully online in the first half of 2022. We worked throughout the year to advance the integration of the former Columbia Gas of Massachusetts assets into Eversource after closing the purchase of those assets in late 2020. This acquisition brought immediate benefits to customers and communities, as we stepped up investment in the replacement of older natural gas lines. It also benefited shareholders, as the $1.1 billion acquisition was accretive to our results in 2021. Also, in December 2021, Aquarion, our water delivery business, acquired New England Service Company, adding about 10,000 water customers in Connecticut, Massachusetts and New Hampshire. We emphasized urgent response to storms and emergencies throughout the year, implementing numerous enhancements from lessons learned from previous storms. In general, these upgrades provide more communication and focused information to customers and communities. We’ve also developed ways to work more strategically and effectively with first responders and community leaders. The team responded well to six major and 12 minor Emergency Response Plan (ERP) activations, including an October nor’easter in eastern Massachusetts that caused more than 300,000 customer outages. Our financial performance in 2021 met our stated goals, thanks to our team’s focus on executing our business and investment plans. We provided an 8.2 percent total return to our shareholders in 2021. In addition, our medium and long-term returns remain among the best in the industry. Our total return of 52 percent for the three years ended December 31, 2021 is the 6th best among the 39 companies in the Edison Electric Institute (EEI) index and our five-year return ranks 7th in the EEI index. A significant factor in our strong total return performance is the continued commitment to our common share dividend. In 2021, we raised our dividend by more than 6 percent to an annualized level of $2.41 per share, and in February 2022, our Board of Trustees approved an increase to an annualized rate of $2.55 per share. We continued to advance our focus on diversity, inclusion and social justice, with an ongoing commitment from senior management. These efforts included the launch of an internal Racial Equity Task Force; the ongoing efforts of our employee Business Resource Groups; and awareness activities and events open to all employees. Also, we created a new Vice President-level position focused on equity. Equity means engaging all stakeholders, including our customers and communities, and treating them with respect and dignity while working toward fair and just outcomes, especially for those burdened with economic challenges, racial inequity, negative environmental impacts and justice disparities. By year’s end, we created a 15-member advisory team to develop equity guidelines that will direct our future actions in this area. We take pride in continuing strong support for community agencies at a time when COVID has driven up demand for their services. We held our four signature community events – the Massachusetts General Cancer Center/Eversource Everyday Amazing Race, the Eversource Hartford Marathon, The Eversource Walk for Boston Children’s Hospital, and the Eversource Walk & 5K for New Hampshire Easterseals – in either in-person or virtual formats. We also resumed in-person company volunteer events on a limited basis, keeping safety as our primary focus. We were proud to once again receive recognition for excellence in a variety of areas for our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) performance. These recognitions included: Inclusion in Newsweek’s list of Most Responsible Companies. Inclusion in the JUST Capital list of JUST 100 Companies, a ranking of most responsible publicly traded companies. #1 energy utility and 42nd company overall on Barron’s list of America’s Most Sustainable Companies. The 2021 Gold Medallion Award from the U.S. Department of Labor’s HIRE Vets Medallion Program. This recognizes our excellence in recruiting, employing, and retaining active-duty, reserve and veteran service members. Inclusion in the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index, which recognizes companies that have shown their commitment to advancing women’s equality in the workplace and transparency in gender reporting. Recognition as one of America’s “best employers for diversity” by Forbes magazine. Top ratings for sustainability from two leading raters: Sustainalytics and MSCI. A 2021 RIMS Global Enterprise Risk Management Award of Distinction from the Risk Management Society. Eversource was one of three U.S. companies and the only utility to be honored. Very high rankings in several categories of Institutional Investor’s annual investor rankings of utilities, based on a poll of institutional investors and analysts. Finally, we are pleased to report on the continued strength of our succession planning. In May, after five years as CEO, Jim Judge became Executive Chairman and Joe Nolan was elected President and Chief Executive Officer. Joe is a 35-year veteran of the company and has directly overseen our customer service, corporate affairs, energy efficiency, and offshore wind partnership. We are pleased to jointly update you on Eversource’s success in 2021 and bright prospects for 2022 and beyond. We will continue to focus on safe, reliable service; advancing clean energy and reducing carbon emissions; support for social justice, diversity, inclusion, and equity; strong storm response; and COVID safety protocols. With our talented team of 9,200 employees, we are confident that Eversource will respond effectively to every challenge.

Joe Nolan

President and Chief Executive Ocer
