Dear FirstEnergy Shareholders:

Thank you for your continued confidence in FirstEnergy. On behalf of your Board of Directors, I cordially invite you to attend our 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 17, 2022. The attached Notice of the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the “Meeting”) and Proxy Statement contain information about the business to be conducted at the Meeting. We also encourage you to read about your Board, our environmental, social and governance practices, and our executive compensation programs in the accompanying Proxy Statement. We will conduct the Meeting online for the health and safety of our shareholders, employees and the broader community. See the “Attending the Virtual Annual Meeting” section of “Questions and Answers about the Annual Meeting” in the accompanying Proxy Statement for instructions on how to register to participate in the virtual annual meeting. A Culture of Doing the Right Thing The events since mid-2020 have been deeply humbling for FirstEnergy’s Board and leadership. We are working tirelessly to move forward as a stronger, integrity-bound organization that puts doing the right thing at the heart of our business as we serve our customers and their evolving energy needs. We have taken decisive actions over the past two years and are focused on building a culture of uncompromising compliance, ethics, integrity and accountability. At the same time, we are strengthening our business and putting customers at the heart of all we do. We remain committed to working cooperatively with stakeholders and demonstrating FirstEnergy’s core values to rebuild trust and confidence in the Company while delivering safe, reliable and affordable electric service. Executing Our Strategy FirstEnergy’s strategy is to become a premier electric utility built on a strong foundation, with an unrelenting customer focus, that leads and enables the energy transition. Highlights of our progress include: ▪ We are building a stronger, diverse and inclusive culture to better serve customers, improve operational performance, spark innovation, and provide a more rewarding and equitable work experience for all employees. Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, much like Safety, is a core value that is foundational to everything we do. Recognizing, developing and leveraging the unique strengths of our employees helps make FirstEnergy a more innovative and resilient company, and motivates employees to build their careers with us. ▪ We are unlocking opportunities to enhance our business, including through FE Forward, our customer-focused effort to modernize our Company, unlock our potential and deliver sustainable value to all stakeholders. ▪ We announced $3.4 billion of equity financings with two premier global infrastructure funds. These transformative financings are expected to strengthen FirstEnergy’s financial position, capitalize on incremental investment opportunities and address all non-SIP/DRIP equity plans. Blackstone Infrastructure Partners invested $1 billion in FirstEnergy common equity and Brookfield Super-Core Infrastructure Partners is acquiring a 19.9% minority interest in FirstEnergy Transmission, LLC for $2.4 billion. These transactions allow us to strengthen our business and fund strategic capital expenditures that will help us support our climate strategy and enable a sustainable energy transition. An Engaged Board Dedicated to Strong Corporate Governance Your Company is dedicated to strong corporate governance, which we view as foundational to our business and important to advancing the interests of our shareholders. Your Board oversees and guides FirstEnergy’s business strategy, including your Company’s efforts to drive integrity and accountability and make progress on environmental, social and governance matters. Our stakeholder engagement efforts are also vital to FirstEnergy’s success. In 2021 and early 2022, consistent with prior years’ practices, we held numerous conversations with shareholders. With support from your Board, the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and the management team, our integrated shareholder outreach team, consisting of members of Corporate Responsibility, Corporate Secretary department, Legal, Finance, Human Resources and Investor Relations, engages with a broad base of investors throughout the year. Feedback and suggestions gathered from these engagements have helped the Board shape our policies, practices and disclosures. Since the beginning of 2021, your Board has expanded with seven new directors, five of whom are independent. Your new directors bring strong backgrounds and experience with publicly traded companies and add unique insights to our Board, which have been particularly valuable during this period of change and renewal at your Company. To further refresh the Board, Jana T. Croom and Sean T. Klimczak have been nominated for election at the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and six long-term Board members will not stand for reelection: Michael J. Anderson, Thomas N. Mitchell, Christopher D. Pappas, Luis A. Reyes, Julia L. Johnson and myself. On behalf of this group, it has been our privilege to serve on your Board, and I am confident your Company will continue to grow stronger under the leadership and guidance of our 2022 director nominees. We also recognize the importance of diversity in our business and leadership, including on our Board. Our Board nominees demonstrate diversity in the form of gender, ethnicity, age, tenure, thought, background and experiences. Of note, women and ethnic minorities currently represent 33% of our Board nominees Our Bright Future On behalf of your board, I want to express my appreciation for the dedicated efforts of FirstEnergy employees. Their performance is helping our Company achieve positive, sustainable momentum, while making customers’ lives brighter, the environment better and our communities stronger. Your Board and management team are deeply committed to creating value for you. We are continuing to work quickly, decisively and with a strong sense of urgency to address challenges, while executing key initiatives to enhance shareholder value and reshape FirstEnergy into a more resilient, industry-leading organization of the future. As always, your Board and management team will continue to regularly engage with you and keep you updated on your Company’s progress. Please read more about your Board, its environmental, social and governance practices, and executive compensation programs in the accompanying Proxy Statement. We’re grateful for your support and thank you in advance for voting promptly.

Sincerely,

Donald T. Misheff

Chair of your Board
