Fellow Shareholders,

During a year of continued global health and economic challenges, Marathon Petroleum Corporation (MPC) built on the foundation created by the three strategic priorities we established in 2020 to drive stability and recovery across our business. We also took significant steps to shape our future growth opportunities, resulting in immediate and long-term value creation. 

As the global economy began to rebound with the availability of COVID-19 vaccines and then faced challenges from variants of the disease, we effectively managed our business operations to navigate these market fluctuations. Our comprehensive pandemic response plan focused on protecting our employees, contractors and communities, so we could continue safely and reliably providing essential fuels that help keep the world moving. We shared timely information and guidance with our workforce and offered our people COVID-19 vaccines as they became available. We also supported our employees and communities as they worked to recover from natural disasters, including the devastation in Louisiana caused by Hurricane Ida. 

Through it all, we began shaping a more distinct path forward for our future by continuing to challenge ourselves to lead in sustainable energy: to meet the energy needs of today while investing in an energy-diverse future. We are guided by our overarching goal of manufacturing and delivering essential energy products and services in ways that enhance our financial performance while lowering the carbon intensity of our operations and the consumption of natural resources.

BUILDING ON STRATEGIC EXECUTION 

The three strategic priorities we established in 2020 – strengthening the competitive position of our assets, embedding a low-cost culture, and improving our commercial performance – target aspects of our business that are within our control. Executing on these priorities throughout 2021, bolstered by the unwavering foundation of our Core Values and the resiliency and creativity of our talented teams, helped to drive stronger through-cycle earnings and position MPC favorably for future success.

“As we look ahead in 2022 and beyond, we believe the future for MPC is bright. Our relentless focus on our strategic priorities will continue to create incremental value for shareholders...”

STRENGTHENING THE COMPETITIVE POSITION OF OUR ASSETS 

After closing the sale of our Speedway retail business for $21 billion, including approximately $17.2 billion in after tax proceeds, we took immediate steps to return capital to shareholders and reduce debt. We committed to completing $10 billion in share repurchases by the end of 2022 and had achieved approximately 55% of our overall goal through the end of January. We also reduced debt by $4.6 billion. In February 2022, we announced Board authorization for an additional $5 billion in incremental share repurchases. Our Dickinson, North Dakota, renewable diesel facility became fully operational in the spring of 2021. With a production capacity of 184 million gallons a year, it is the second largest facility of its kind in the United States. Dickinson also generates a carbon intensity level that is approximately 50% lower than when it operated as a petroleum refinery. Substantial strides were made toward converting our Martinez, California, refinery into a renewable fuels facility, including publication of the project’s draft environmental impact report and completion of the report’s public comment period. We are currently progressing through the remaining stages of permitting and continue to target starting production at the facility in the second half of 2022. In 2023, we anticipate ramping up pretreatment capabilities and increasing production to the full capacity of 730 million gallons per year. The performance of our MPLX midstream segment throughout 2021 reflected the resilience of our logistics business and the benefits of an integrated value chain. For the year, MPLX distributed $2.2 billion to MPC, and ongoing capital discipline within MPLX continues to enhance free cash-flow potential.

EMBEDDING A LOW-COST CULTURE 

Our ongoing efforts to not only lower costs but embed a truly low-cost culture in our management across the company yielded $1.5 billion in structural cost reductions in 2021. A primary factor behind these savings was lowering operating costs in our refining segment from $6 per barrel to $5 per barrel, which amounted to $1 billion in cost reductions. We also decreased expenses by $400 million across MPLX and eliminated $100 million in corporate costs. 

IMPROVING COMMERCIAL PERFORMANCE 

We initiated a number of efforts designed to enable our teams to better anticipate and respond to commercial opportunities in what continues to be a very dynamic marketplace. We gained access to logistically advantaged feedstocks for our Dickinson renewable diesel facility.

Our Beatrice, Nebraska, pretreatment facility, which we acquired in 2020, began operations, processing advantaged feedstock for transport to Dickinson. The facility uses Midwestern agricultural feedstocks, such as corn oil, soybean oil and rendered fats.

We also formed a joint venture with ADM to produce soybean oil for Dickinson. The joint venture will own and operate ADM’s previously announced soybean processing complex in Spiritwood, North Dakota. When complete in 2023, this facility will source and process local soybeans to supply Dickinson with approximately 5,000 barrels a day of locally advantaged feedstock.

Additional feedstock for Dickinson will come from our Cincinnati, Ohio, pretreatment facility, which recently began operating after being converted from a biodiesel plant. 

In March 2022, we announced an agreement with Neste to form a 50/50 joint venture for the Martinez Renewable Fuels facility, with each company contributing feedstocks and sharing production output to market under our respective brands. We have reduced our capital outlay and improved the project economics while gaining a partner with complementary capabilities to advance our project’s objectives.

INVESTING FOR THE LONG TERM: A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE 

In addition to continuing capital investments to maintain and improve our refineries, as we respond to the energy evolution, we strive to be a market leader in producing and delivering renewable fuels, using renewable energy sources and deploying emerging technologies that reduce environmental impact. These objectives motivated several related initiatives in 2021, including:

We set a target to reduce our freshwater withdrawal intensity 20% from 2016 levels by 2030. This goal added to our previously established targets for reducing Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions intensity 30% below 2014 levels by 2030 and for lowering methane emissions intensity 50% from 2016 levels by 2025 across our natural gas gathering and processing operations.

Earlier in 2022, we also announced a 2030 target to reduce absolute Scope 3 – Category 11 GHG emissions by 15% below 2019 levels. To date, we’re the only U.S. downstream energy company that has publicly set an absolute reduction target for Scope 3 emissions.

Our continuing focus on energy efficiency was recognized with a second consecutive ENERGY STAR® Partner of the Year – Sustained Excellence Award from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. We were the only company with fuels manufacturing as its primary business to earn this recognition.

To further progress our sustainability objectives, we added a diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) component to the metrics that determine our annual employee bonus compensation. This made us the first independent, U.S. downstream energy company to link a DE&I metric to compensation, which is intended to help ensure we have the diversity of thought necessary to take on tomorrow’s opportunities and challenges. In 2021, we hired and promoted a number of Black, Indigenous, People of Color (BIPOC) and women leaders across the company and exceeded our hiring goal for BIPOC candidates. 

In 2022, we are committed to continued sustainability progress, with a focus on investing a significant portion of our planned growth capital spending for the year to support our Martinez refinery conversion project. When complete, the Martinez Renewable Fuels facility, which we will co-own with our partner Neste, will be larger than any renewable diesel production facility operating in the U.S. today. Yet, the converted facility is expected to generate 60% fewer GHG emissions than it did as a petroleum refinery. As we look ahead in 2022 and beyond, we believe the future for MPC is bright. Our relentless focus on our strategic priorities will continue to create incremental value for shareholders, and our commitment to challenging ourselves to lead in sustainable energy will drive long-term benefits for our people and the many other stakeholders engaged in our business and in shaping our future. I encourage you to learn more about our efforts in sustainability, including steps we’ve outlined to support a just and responsible transition, and keep up with the latest developments across our business by visiting our website at www.marathonpetroleum.com. None of these accomplishments would have been possible without the dedication and determination of our people. I’m proud of their efforts and grateful for their commitment to making MPC and our shareholders successful. Thank you for your continued support of our company. 



Sincerely,

Michael J. Hennigan

President and Chief Executive Officer
