DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

As 2021 came to a close, we concluded our three-year strategic plan to transform the company into a more innovative and efficient railroad. As part of this strategy, we deployed our own brand of precision scheduled railroading principles through our TOP21 operating plan. With tremendous dedication from the entire team, we delivered on our commitments in spite of significant headwinds associated with a freight recession and a global pandemic. Over the last three years, Norfolk Southern has reduced our operating ratio by 530 basis points and achieved a company record of 60.1%. We’ve reached record productivity levels across our operations, improving average train weight and length 21% and 20%, respectively. Since beginning the strategic plan, earnings per share grew 27%, and we returned nearly $10 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. During this time, our company led the industry in total shareholder returns with growth of 110%. We achieved strong financial results in 2021. Our company grew revenue 14%, outpacing a 6% increase in adjusted operating expenses driven largely by rising fuel costs.1 We achieved net income of $3 billion, a 27% increase, while earnings per share increased 31%, compared to the adjusted prior year amounts.1 In addition, we accomplished record highs in operating income and free cash flow.2 Each of our markets experienced volume and revenue growth in 2021, reflecting a resurgent economy and strong demand for our service product. Both our merchandise and intermodal markets grew by over half a billion dollars in 2021, as markets benefitted from higher demand, elevated consumer activity, and favorable pricing conditions. Coal revenue was bolstered by higher export prices and growth in steel production. While our focus on productivity and revenue growth produced record financial results, our service – impacted by labor shortages across key areas of our network – was not where it needed to be. Accordingly, we have increased our hiring and retention efforts, and begun development of a new operating plan that is fully aligned around a return to the service levels our customers expect. SETTING THE BAR ON SUSTAINABILITY Helping shippers reduce their carbon footprint is one of our industry’s competitive advantages, and Norfolk Southern made substantial sustainability gains in 2021. We set a science-based target to reduce our carbon emissions, aligning our commitment to combat climate change with the Paris Climate Accords. Consistent with our goal, we also became the first North American Class I railroad to issue green bonds to finance projects that generate environmental benefits. Sustainable business practices are increasingly important to our customers as well, and many have set their own public goals for carbon reduction. Norfolk Southern is partnering with these companies to deliver results. By choosing rail, our customers avoid 15 million metric tons of carbon emissions annually. INCREASING VALUE WITH THE DIGITAL RAILROAD OF THE FUTURE We continue to deploy innovative technology solutions to improve safety and efficiency, reduce our environmental impact, and make it easier to do business with Norfolk Southern. From artificial intelligence to automated inspections to mobile applications, we are leading the charge to build the digital railroad of the future. In 2021, we developed new resources to deliver value to our customers and the marketplace, including our first-in-class industrial site search engine, NSites. This one-stop digital tool allows users to create customized searches for some 800 rail-served industrial sites and 250 rail-truck transload facilities across our system. As manufacturers expressed a desire to redesign their supply chains with supply certainty and inventory closer to their customers, the Norfolk Southern team responded quickly with a solution to meet their unique business needs. OPENING OUR NEW CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS IN ATLANTA In November, we celebrated the ribboncutting of 650 WPT, our new home in Midtown on West Peachtree Street. Located in the heart of Atlanta’s Tech Square, the campus is ideally suited for Norfolk Southern’s innovative and collaborative team. We brought our company’s leaders – including operations, marketing, finance, and technology – together in one location to drive productivity and efficiency across our organization. The design, location, and accommodations of 650 WPT promote the health and well-being of our employees, underscoring our commitment to a safe and inclusive work environment. ENSURING A SAFE, INCLUSIVE, AND ACCOUNTABLE EMPLOYEE EXPERIENCE For Norfolk Southern to reach its full potential, our people must be able to thrive. With that in mind, we’re building a best-inclass employee experience. From expanded leadership development programs to ambitious Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion initiatives, our team is working to align, engage, and develop our workforce. We’ve taken multiple steps to bring DEI into every aspect of our company and operations, building a representative and inclusive culture. To further drive accountability within our organization, we expanded our Inclusion Leadership Council, which includes senior leaders from every department. The Norfolk Southern team showed impressive resilience throughout the year, and produced record results despite significant challenges and uncertainty. Moving forward, our company has an optimistic and confident outlook. BUILDING LASTING RELATIONSHIPS IN OUR COMMUNITIES With operations across 22 states and Washington, D.C., Norfolk Southern has a tremendous opportunity to make a positive impact. Through our corporate giving strategy, we’re intent on cultivating lasting relationships that go beyond charitable contributions to build genuine connections through service. In 2021, in conjunction with our move from Norfolk to Atlanta, we made a $5 million investment in the Hampton Roads, Virginia, community to provide local nonprofits access to $1 million in grants over the next five years. We wanted to send a clear message that our presence in Virginia will remain strong, and is important to our company. In our new corporate hometown, we partnered with the Atlanta History Center to donate the comprehensive historical archives of our predecessor company Southern Railway. Our company played a major role in the growth of Atlanta, and we’re making this rich history accessible to scholars, students, and railfans. Norfolk Southern is providing $500,000 to support the collection in perpetuity and create paid internship opportunities for underrepresented communities for five years. DELIVERING A SMOOTH TRANSITION IN LEADERSHIP During my time as chairman and CEO of Norfolk Southern, I am proud of what we’ve accomplished. We’ve delivered industry-leading shareholder returns over the course of our latest strategic plan, become a more efficient, sustainable, and technologically innovative railroad, and brought company leadership together in a new, state-of-the-art Atlanta headquarters. We are in a rock-solid position for continued success. Alan Shaw, who was named company president in December 2021, is the right leader for the next chapter in our ongoing story of transformation. He is a veteran railroader who understands every aspect of our business, and will lead continued improvement in service and efficiency. Alan has unparalleled knowledge of our customers and the markets we serve, as well as the vision to grow shareholder value in our competitive, rapidly evolving industry. Effective May 1, Alan will assume the role of CEO and join Norfolk Southern’s board. At that time, Amy E. Miles – a director since 2014 – will become the non-executive chair of your board of directors. In the months ahead, we will continue working together to complete a smooth transition and are confident that all Norfolk Southern stakeholders will be in good hands with our new leadership. Thank you for your investment in Norfolk Southern. 

Sincerely,

James Squires
