Dear NRG Stakeholders,

In 2019, we made significant progress in advancing our strategy to redefine what power can be in the lives of our customers. We are building a customer-focused organization that empowers consumers with personalized energy choices while also providing meaningful long-term value to our shareholders, employees, and communities. We rightsized our business, and now we have shifted our focus to perfecting our integrated business model. I’d like to share with you our key achievements from 2019 and provide a look ahead at our 2020 focus.

A solid performance always starts with the well-being of our people and 2019 was no different. Thanks to the continuous efforts of our employees, we achieved top-decile safety performance and our best year on record. We further perfected and grew our integrated business by acquiring Stream Energy, a retailer that expanded our sales channels and product offering, and we successfully brought online the Gregory gas plant in Texas ahead of the important summer months. From a financial standpoint, our balance sheet has never been stronger, having achieved our credit metric targets and we are now on a path for investment-grade rating. We also provided additional clarity on our long-term capital allocation philosophy including a 10x increase on our dividend. We are committing 50% of our allocation to growth opportunities and 50% to be returned to our shareholders through a mix of our dividend and share repurchases. 

While our solid operational and financial performance underpins our success, our comprehensive sustainability program provides a framework to ensure long-term value creation for all stakeholders. In 2019, we were awarded leadership level for CDP programs on climate risk, water security and supply chain engagement.  We also announced the acceleration of our carbon reduction goals aligned with limiting global warming to 1.5⁰ C to avoid the worst effects of climate change. This means reducing our carbon emissions 50% by 2025 and achieving net-zero by 2050, from our 2014 baseline. These industry-leading decarbonization efforts move us further down the path of transitioning our business away from traditional fossil-generation and closer to our customers.

Our sustainability framework extends throughout our workforce and into the communities where we live and work. We’ve elevated the importance of Diversity & Inclusion to become one of our core corporate values and have expanded safety to encompass overall well-being. I am also very proud of how our employees carry our spirit of philanthropy into our communities, donating to nearly 700 organizations and serving more than 11,000 volunteer hours.

We believe that one-size-fits-all electricity is no longer compatible with today’s low carbon, digital and customized economy. Customers deserve to have choices that meet their needs and align with their values. We are working hard in creating these personal and compelling products and services.  For example, as demand for renewable energy grows, we are providing medium-term contracts to developers for approximately 1.6 gigawatts of new solar projects throughout Texas to bring online cleaner generation capacity.  Additionally, the electrification of transportation is critical for economy-wide decarbonization and as such, we became a founding member of the City of Houston’s EVolve coalition, a public-private partnership aimed at accelerating the adoption of electric vehicles.  To ensure all our customers can enjoy these products and services, we strongly advocate for market structures and policies that promote competition, incorporate new technologies and unlock value for consumers.

I am proud of the progress we’ve made since we shifted the strategic direction of the company at the end of 2015. We have demonstrated discipline on execution and foresight on our strategy. The power sector is evolving, becoming cleaner, smarter and more connected than ever before. We have never been stronger or better positioned to capitalize on this energy transition and create significant value for all our stakeholders. Thank you for your support these past four years; we are just getting started.

Sincerely,

Mauricio Gutierrez
