2020 was a year of extreme volatility for our industry and the world, as the COVID-19 pandemic and a commodity price war led to unprecedented challenges. Amid these difficulties, Occidental continued to make meaningful progress to strengthen our balance sheet and position our company for the future. As a best-inclass, low-cost operator, we apply technology to drive performance and leverage our global leadership in carbon management to advance our business. We believe our core differentiators—an industry-leading portfolio, track record of operational excellence and efficiency, and strategy to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions—enable us to deliver long-term value for shareholders. Occidental transitioned into 2021 with an improved financial position due to achieving our 2020 divestiture target, reducing debt by $2.4 billion and successfully extending $7 billion in debt maturities to 2025 and beyond. We significantly lowered capital spending and implemented substantial operating and corporate cost reductions. Our 2021 capital budget prioritizes free cash flow and our high-quality asset base provides flexibility to adjust activity and capital allocations. There is much work ahead, but we are confident the steps we are taking will make us stronger and more competitive. As one of the largest oil producers in the U.S., we hold a leading position in the Permian and Denver-Julesburg Basins and offshore Gulf of Mexico. Internationally, we are the largest independent oil producer in Oman, have leading positions in the United Arab Emirates and Algeria, and hold highly prospective exploration blocks offshore Colombia. Our midstream and marketing segment complements our upstream operations, providing an integrated business from point of production to point of sale. OxyChem, our world-class chemical business, generates significant free cash flow with growth opportunities and a best-in-class safety record. Our Oxy Low Carbon Ventures business advances leading-edge technologies and business solutions to economically grow our business while reducing emissions. Our future depends on a world with lower emissions and we recently set new targets to reduce our GHG emissions, including methane, and are on track to end routine gas flaring by 2030. I am proud we are the first U.S. energy company to announce an ambition to achieve net-zero GHG emissions associated with our operations by 2040 and the use of our products by 2050. Occidental is committed to using our global leadership and over 40 years of experience in carbon management to advance a lower-carbon world. We are a founding member of the six Energy Transition Principles, an industry-led collaboration to advance the Paris Agreement objectives, and were the first U.S. oil and gas company to endorse the World Bank’s “Zero Routine Flaring by 2030” initiative. We are a member of the Oil and Gas Climate Initiative, a group of leading global energy companies accelerating our sector’s response to climate change. Safety is integral to our company, and we had our bestever safety performance in 2020. We were pleased to be ranked among Fortune’s Most Admired Companies’ Mining, Crude-Oil Production category in 2021. Occidental has made the list every reported year since 2008, including the No. 1 ranking 11 times. Our Board of Directors is committed to strong corporate governance and board refreshment to ensure diverse leadership experience. Steve Chazen, our former CEO, has joined the Board as Chairman, and we have added four new independent directors. The Board created the Sustainability and Shareholder Engagement Committee to enhance proactive outreach with key stakeholders. The Board is also a driving force behind our commitment to promote diversity, inclusion and a culture of belonging, all of which I strongly believe are critical to our future success. We recently celebrated Occidental’s centennial. Our first century’s achievements reflect our technical expertise, ability to adapt quickly and ceaseless drive to lead with innovation. These same attributes, combined with our talented workforce, laser focus on efficiency, and unique and defining approach to sustainability in a low-carbon world, will ensure our leadership over the next 100 years.

Vicki Hollub

President and Chief Executive Officer
