FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

The global oil and gas industry faced an unprecedented set of challenges during 2020 – the COVID-19 pandemic, macroeconomic headwinds and OPEC+ turmoil. In addition, the energy industry continued to transition from a growth model to a model focused on generating free cash flow and returning capital to shareholders. Pioneer met these challenges and delivered strong 2020 operational results, significant free cash flow, and enhanced environmental, social and governance (ESG) commitments. We responded quickly and effectively to the pandemic in order to keep our employees safe and productive. We navigated the difficult price environment by reducing our capital spending and cost structure, while continuing to drive efficiency gains in our operations. We also announced the acquisition of Parsley Energy (Parsley), complementing Pioneer’s unparalleled inventory of high-return wells in the Permian Basin. Finally, we maintained capital discipline and generated almost $700 million in free cash flow1 – much of which was returned to shareholders. These accomplishments position the company for long-term success by creating value for our investors, supporting and caring for our people, and being responsive to a wide array of stakeholder interests, including those focused on ESG issues. PANDEMIC RESPONSE The health and safety of our employees is the number one priority for Pioneer. The pandemic created unique challenges for companies and organizations globally. We quickly assembled an internal cross-disciplinary team to lead our response. Guidance from local, state and federal authorities drove our initial actions. Pioneer went above and beyond to provide a safe work environment that not only kept our employees healthy, but also allowed them to successfully and effectively execute their work. OPERATIONAL PERFORMANCE 2020 was Pioneer’s most successful year from an operations standpoint. The company produced 367 MBOPED for the year. We established corporate records in both drilled and completed feet per day, bringing on some of the most prolific wells in the Permian Basin. Facilities costs on a per-well basis continued to decline at a material rate. Our relentless focus on lowering costs and increasing efficiencies resulted in Pioneer’s peer-leading maintenance breakeven price of approximately $29 per barrel WTI. FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE The strength of the Pioneer balance sheet, combined with excellent operating results and cost reductions during 2020, allowed us to increase our base dividend to $2.24 per share in early 2021 (the fourth year in a row we have increased the base dividend). We also initiated a variable dividend policy that will further enhance the return of capital to shareholders beginning in 2022. From 2021-2026, Pioneer expects to generate $16 billion in free cash flow1 , with the majority expected to be returned to shareholders through dividends (based on a WTI oil price of $52 per barrel). Synergies from our acquisition of Parsley are forecasted to reach $350 million – exceeding our initial expectations by $25 million. Debt refinancing in January 2021 resulted in total net debt of approximately $5.2 billion, with a weighted-average interest rate of approximately 2%. Pioneer continues to have one of the best balance sheets in the industry, and we are committed to strengthening it further. Over the long-term, we plan to use 25% of our free cash flow to further reduce debt. This strategy ensures Pioneer will have the financial flexibility to meet future business-cycle challenges. ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL & GOVERNANCE ESG remains a priority for Pioneer. On the environmental front, we continue to focus on our emissions footprint. Pioneer’s CO2 intensity per barrel is among the very lowest – 70% below the average among large, global operators2 . We have also committed to aggressive targets directed at reducing greenhouse gas emission intensity, methane emission intensity and routine flaring. Regarding social initiatives, Pioneer is dedicated to building an engaging and diverse workforce. We believe in fostering an environment where differences in cultures, people and thoughts are celebrated. It has been our long-standing belief that such a workforce delivers superior business results. We have also continued to work closely with nonprofit groups in Irving and throughout the Permian Basin to support a variety of organizations working to address areas of need in those communities. Finally, on governance, we have enhanced our executive compensation program to ensure the majority of executive equity compensation continues to be aligned with our shareholders. We have included the S&P 500 index into our Total Shareholder Return (TSR) peer group beginning of 2021. Pioneer also announced our commitment to follow the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure guidelines. While these are our 2020 ESG highlights, many other  actions and policies are being developed to ensure Pioneer remains a the industry forefront on these issues. 2021 Outlook Pioneer plans to run between 18 to 20 drilling rigs in2021 and place between 385 and 415 wells on production. The lateral length of these wells is expected to average 9,900 feet. Our well mix by formation will be roughly divided into Wolfcamp B (40%), Wolfcamp A (40%), Spraberry (15%) in the Midland Basin and the remaining 5% in the Delaware Basin. Pioneer’s total capital budget is planned to range from $2.5 billion to $2.8 billion, including $100 million of spending related to Parsley integration expenses. Production is estimated to range from 307-322 MBOPD and 528-554 MBOEPD. We expect to generate approximately $2 billion in free cash flow for the year. Excess cash flow will be allocated toward the base dividend, strengthening our balance sheet and beginning a variable dividend in 2022. We believe this plan delivers on our commitment to return significant capital to shareholders, while strengthening our balance sheet. CONCLUSION While 2020 was indeed a particularly challenging year for our industry, the resilience, hard work and determination our employees demonstrated was truly inspiring. To overcome the obstacles we faced, and deliver the results we did, is a testament to our greatest asset – our people. Pioneer’s balance sheet, capital discipline and unmatched asset base, delivering low-risk, high-return wells, positions us to deliver strong financial results and generate significant free cash flow, supporting our commitment to return capital to shareholders. Our industry is constantly changing. At Pioneer, we pride ourselves on being able to successfully manage through these changes. We are excited to be well on the way to delivering on our 2021 goals, and I look forward to highlighting them in this letter next year. Thank you for your investment in our company. 

Scott D. Sheffield 

CEO
