Message to our Stockholders

“We remain steadfast in our strategy, pursuing excellence in operations with a disciplined capital allocation framework, investing for earnings growth through innovation and honoring our commitment to stockholder returns.”

The COVID-19 pandemic had an extraordinary impact on families, communities and businesses across the globe. Our industry, like so many others, faced unprecedented challenges but I am incredibly proud of Team Valero for their dedication to keeping our company moving forward, making products that people depend on in our country and across the globe. Valero, considered part of the country’s critical infrastructure, kept operating safely throughout the pandemic and honored our long-standing commitments to safety, environmental stewardship, our communities and our stockholders during this time. Our focus on safety, combined with investments in reliability and environmental stewardship, provide the foundation for our operations excellence. In fact, we achieved several operational records last year, delivering our best year ever in safety and environmental performance. This dedication is what makes Valero a best-inclass producer of fuels and products that are essential to modern life. Valero entered the economic downturn in a position of strength, and our team was thorough, decisive and swift in its operational and financial response. Operationally, we adjusted the throughput rates at our refineries to more closely match product supply with demand to ensure that our supply chain did not become physically infeasible. We also temporarily idled a number of our ethanol plants and reduced the amount of corn feedstock processed at the remaining plants to address the decreased demand for ethanol. Financially, we remained well capitalized. We entered into a new $875 million revolving credit facility and raised $4 billion of debt at attractive rates for additional liquidity. We also temporarily suspended buybacks in mid-March and reduced our capital budget by over $500 million while keeping our high return, low-carbon projects moving forward. Through all of this we never wavered in our commitment to stockholders. Valero returned $1.8 billion to our owners, while maintaining its dividend and investment grade credit ratings, ending the year with over $3 billion of cash and more than $9 billion of total available liquidity. Despite the challenges and hardships through the pandemic, I was encouraged to see individuals selflessly helping and stepping up to support those in need. In this spirit of giving, I am proud that Valero continued to support the communities where we operate, with employee volunteerism and more than $58 million in charitable contributions, including COVID-19 relief funding – for food, shelter, educational resources and other life necessities. Recognizing the world wants cleaner fuels, and consistent with our long-standing commitment to sustainability, we shared our plan to reduce and offset 63% of refining greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2025. And we have line of sight to this target with projects that have been approved by the Board and are already in execution. These renewable energy projects reduce the carbon intensity of our products while earning attractive returns to further strengthen our long-term competitive advantage. We also made significant progress on our international strategy to expand our product supply chain into higher growth markets with the start of waterborne product shipments to the new Veracruz terminal, making Valero one of the largest fuel importers into Mexico. Our framework served us well during a challenging 2020 just as it has in previous years, and we’ll continue to adhere to it in the future. We remain steadfast in our strategy, pursuing excellence in operations with a disciplined capital allocation framework, investing for earnings growth through innovation and honoring our commitment to stockholder returns. 

Thank you for your continued support and trust. 

On behalf of Team Valero, may you and your loved ones be blessed.



Joe Gorder

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
