To our stockholders, The world is changing. Technology is improving. Customer expectations continue to rise. In the midst of it all, we believe that the key to enduring progress — the key to sustainable growth of our business — is our focus on the fundamentals. Every decision we make is grounded in reliability, customer satisfaction, financial discipline and environmental stewardship. And we’re pleased to report that on virtually every meaningful measure, we delivered another year of solid results in 2019. • We reported record net income from operations of $1.13 billion and earnings per share of $3.58 — exceeding our guidance for the year. • Our stock price set 48 new record highs, rising to $98.19 on Sept. 4, 2019. • Our total shareholder return was 37 percent — surpassing the performance of all the major utility indexes. • Our balance sheet grew even stronger — supporting our investment-grade credit ratings. We moved forward with our generation reshaping strategy. Our priority is to reduce greenhouse gas emissions while maintaining a system that can respond reliably and consistently — in the face of severe weather events and other emergencies. • We retired 40 percent of our coal generation since 2014. • In 2019, we met and exceeded our 2030 goal of reducing carbon emissions by 40 percent below 2005 levels. Given our progress, we are re-evaluating our longer-term carbon reduction goals. • We set a goal, by the year 2030, to reduce the rate of methane emissions from our natural gas distribution lines by 30 percent per mile from a 2011 baseline. We are more than halfway toward meeting this goal. Our ongoing work to modernize Chicago’s natural gas delivery network is key to achieving our goal. • Between 2020 and 2024, we expect to spend nearly a billion dollars to increase the amount of renewable generation on our system. • Construction began on two of the largest solar installations in the Midwest. These utility-scale solar facilities will play an important role in producing renewable energy for our customers for many years to come. • Our utility in the Upper Peninsula provided the energy solution needed in northern Michigan. Two new natural gas-fueled plants began operating in March 2019, which enabled us to retire our less efficient, coal-fueled Presque Isle Power Plant. We strengthened the energy infrastructure our customers depend on. • We invested nearly $2.3 billion in our core business to maintain reliability and improve customer service. • In Wisconsin, where we have 70 percent of our regulated assets, we constructively settled our rate reviews. New rates for energy service went into effect Jan. 1, 2020. • We Energies, our largest utility, was named the most reliable in the Midwest for the ninth year in a row, and Wisconsin Public Service was recognized for the first time for its outstanding reliability performance as a midsize utility. • We announced plans to build two liquefied natural gas facilities to address the need for more natural gas peaking capacity in Wisconsin at the highest demand times on the coldest days. If approved, construction is expected to begin in summer 2021. We expect to invest $370 million. Opportunities to invest in energy infrastructure outside of our regulated footprint continue to help our business grow sustainably. • In recent months, we agreed to acquire majority interests in two new wind farms: Thunderhead Wind Energy Center in Nebraska and Blooming Grove Wind Farm in Illinois. Our investment in these projects will total $770 million. • Our infrastructure segment will hold majority interests in five wind farms capable of providing approximately 1,000 megawatts of carbon-free energy outside of our traditional service area. These investments will total nearly $1.4 billion. • These renewable energy assets have long-term agreements to serve investment-grade customers. We expect the return on these investments to be higher than our regulated business returns. Our investment strategy and our focus on operating efficiency have supported predictable dividends and dividend growth. • At its January meeting, our board of directors increased the dividend by 7.2 percent over the previous rate. The new annualized dividend is $2.53 a share. • This marks the 17th consecutive year that our company will reward shareholders with higher dividends. • We continue to target a payout ratio of 65 to 70 percent of earnings. We expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. Our goal is to build and sustain long-term value for our stockholders, customers and communities in a rapidly changing industry. • We believe effective corporate governance is an essential driver of stockholder value and a key component to sustainability. Through its succession planning, our board is maintaining its diversity of knowledge, skills, experience, thought, gender, ethnicity and tenure. • Our companies and foundations are among the most active participants in the communities we serve — providing engagement and financial support to worthy organizations. In 2019, charitable giving rose to nearly $20 million. On behalf of our entire management team, thank you for your confidence, your support and your investment in WEC Energy Group. Sincerely, 

J. Kevin Fletcher 

President and Chief Executive Officer
