Shareholder Letter

2020 was a year when our company, our communities, and our world were challenged in ways we had never seen before. It was a year when we learned a lot about ourselves, how we respond to rapid change, and what really matters. The COVID-19 health and financial crisis disrupted many businesses. In an unparalleled stress test, we kept our global team safe, we kept our business running and we continued to be there for our customers. We absorbed risk, delivered on our commercial commitments, and improved our safety metrics along the way. We maintained our financial position as the counterparty of choice to our global aviation, marine, and land-based customers, suppliers and partners. I am proud of my 5,000 colleagues and the outcomes they achieved in this challenging year. The cloud infrastructure we invested in over the last three years combined with cloud storage, collaboration, and communications applications and platforms provided a functional set of workforce-ready tools enabling us to quickly transition to remote working and keep commercial activities running. We digitized transactions, documents, and communications, and moved hundreds of suppliers and customers to our apps and portal solutions. These efforts reduce costs, lower the combined carbon footprint for ourselves and our business partners, and increase our market value by establishing greater operational integration. We are taking our large and liquid analog transportation fuel marketplace and turning it into a digital energy ecosystem to reduce costs for ourselves and our partners, drive greater operational efficiencies and lower our collective carbon footprint. Our energy management business has continued to evolve its natural gas, power, wind, solar, carbon and renewables activities. We provided energy advisory services to businesses in 55 countries and sourced renewable energy from 190 renewable power plants. We have managed and sold growing volumes of electricity and natural gas. We also concluded solar power agreements with various communities, as well as agreements with utility-scale solar projects for Fortune 500 companies. Looking ahead, we will continue to participate in the energy transition through our own sustainability journey and supporting our customers and suppliers with products and services to help them with theirs. Since 2012, we have had the in-house expertise to meet the needs of our stakeholders by helping them reduce their carbon footprint through efficiency engineering, sourcing wind and solar power, procuring and selling carbon credits, and more recently sustainable aviation fuel, and renewable diesel.

As society has passed the tipping point on climate action, we are well positioned to serve the sustainability needs of the market. Embracing diversity and focusing on ESG with our commitment to the principles of the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) is an important business initiative for us. Thanks to our focus on culture where diverse talent, creative thought, and collaboration reign supreme, our global team showed great strength of character, tremendous resilience, and a burning desire to succeed in an extremely difficult environment. I want to, once again, sincerely thank each and every one of my colleagues for their extraordinary efforts. While our 2020 operating results and the industries in which we serve were significantly impacted by the pandemic, our team did a great job of managing risks and costs while strengthening our balance sheet over the course of the year. Today, our business is providing support for the expected resurgence in passenger travel and commercial activity in aviation, marine, and land, as local and global markets reopen. We continue to refine and enhance our solutions and expand our global networks, clearly demonstrating our strategic value. The work we completed internally on talent, leadership, and culture will push us forward to execute in 2021, as we continue to scale our comprehensive energy and logistics offering. Our dedicated team members are continuing to stand shoulder to shoulder with our customers, suppliers, and stakeholders as we come out of this global pandemic. At the end of the day, it all comes down to the people around us, and being apart only brought us closer together and overcoming adversity only made us stronger. 

I am looking forward to and optimistic about 2021.



Michael J. Kasbar

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
