DEAR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS

Xcel Energy achieved strong financial and operational results again in 2021, despite the second year of a global pandemic and severe weather challenges. During these tough times, we delivered for our customers and communities when they needed us most, and we continued to advance our financial, operational, and sustainability goals. Our theme for this report, “Horizon Bound,” reflects our balanced, organic growth and our aggressive clean energy targets for the next decade and beyond. In the next eight years, we will add significant renewable generation to our system, expand our transmission infrastructure to enable those resources, deploy new clean fuels to power our customers and heat their homes, invest in grid resiliency and automation, and enable electrification of transportation at scale, all while keeping customer bills affordable. This report showcases how our team is working hard to deliver for you, our valued shareholders. CEO transition It was an honor to be elected by our Board of Directors to replace retiring Ben Fowke as our company’s CEO in August. I worked closely with Ben for five years, first as Chief Financial Officer and more recently as President and Chief Operating Officer. We share the same vision for the company and executed our transition in August from a position of strength — our reputation is excellent, our balance sheet is healthy, our operations are strong, and our strategy is sound. Solid financial performance For the 17th consecutive year, we met or exceeded our earnings guidance, and we increased our dividend for the 18th consecutive year. We delivered earnings of $2.96 per share, within the upper half of our initial guidance range. We increased our dividend 6.4%, or 11 cents per share in 2021, which is in line with our 5% to 7% goal. Our stock continues to trade at a premium and has outperformed our peer group for the three-, five- and ten-year periods. Our robust five-year, $26 billion capital investment plan will provide significant customer value and drive regulated rate base growth of 6.5%. And, we’ve identified additional investment opportunities in that timeframe for an incremental capital investment of $1.5 to $2.5 billion, which would increase our growth rate to 7.4%. Clean energy leadership In November, we announced a clean energy vision for our natural gas distribution business. Our vision reduces greenhouse gas emissions 25% from 2020 levels by 2030, including netzero methane emissions from our distribution system, and delivers net-zero natural gas service to customers by 2050. (See story on page 14). Our natural gas vision builds on our previously announced electric goals for reducing carbon emissions 80% by 2030 and producing 100% carbon-free electricity by 2050. We also plan to use our increasingly clean product to power 1.5 million electric vehicles in our states by the end of the decade, resulting in additional carbon reduction, future sales growth, and customer fuel savings. Together, these commitments represent a comprehensive clean energy vision, making Xcel Energy the first U.S. energy provider to set aggressive clean energy goals across all the ways our customers use energy: electricity, transportation, and heating. And we are well on our way to achieving that vision. Delivering at critical times We never take for granted the trust we have earned to power millions of homes and businesses all day, every day, particularly during extreme weather. In 2021, there were two significant events that impacted our service territory — Winter Storm Uri in Texas and the Marshall Wildfire in Colorado. These two natural disasters challenged our teams to deliver in the most arduous conditions. And as always, we rose to the challenge. Historic cold temperatures during Winter Storm Uri froze natural gas wells throughout Texas and Oklahoma, creating natural gas supply constraints and price spikes across the country. At the same time, the Texas electric system saw generation equipment failures caused by the cold, which left millions without power or heat. Our plants and equipment in the Southwest are winterized for extreme temperatures and performed very well during the event, despite widespread failures of other generating assets. Despite our employees operating our gas distribution system extremely capably during the 10-day record-setting cold period, we were not immune from the sudden, extraordinary increase in natural gas prices that went along with Winter Storm Uri. We incurred $925 million of additional fuel costs that we are working with regulators to recover while helping customers manage costs. Following a particularly dry fourth quarter, on Dec. 30, Colorado faced an intense windstorm that packed 110 mph winds and fueled the devastating Marshall Wildfire. The Boulder County fires destroyed more than 1,200 homes and businesses in the area, and partially or totally destroyed the homes of 17 of our own employees. Hundreds of employees, contractors and mutual aid crews were on the scene as soon as it was safe and worked around the clock to get service restored to the impacted communities. These extreme weather events reinforce the need for continued investment in system resiliency, such as our approved wildfire mitigation program, to protect communities from the growing impacts of climate change. Constructive regulatory outcomes We reached constructive rate case settlements in six states last year. In Colorado, we also reached constructive settlements for Winter Storm Uri cost recovery, our electric resource plan and our Power Pathway transmission project, a nearly $2 billion investment necessary to enable future renewable generation assets. The New Mexico commission approved our Transportation Electrification Plan, and we launched several commercial and residential programs to support electric vehicle adoption in Colorado as part of our approved, industryleading Transportation Electrification Plan. (See story on pages 10-11). In February 2022, the New Mexico commission also approved our electric rate case settlement. Also in February 2022, the company received approval for its Upper Midwest Generation Resource Plan, including a full closure of all coal plants in the region by 2030, over 85% carbon reduction, 5,750 megawatts of new wind and solar assets, and transmission infrastructure to enable those resources. The plan also includes a license extension of our Monticello nuclear plant through 2040. Our proposed resource plan in Colorado would add 5,100 megawatts of new renewable generation assets and is expected to reduce carbon emissions 87% by 2030. (See story on pages 8-9). Renewable energy expansion Our Steel for Fuel strategy — building and owning wind farms that deliver economic and environmental benefits for our customers — continues to drive organic growth, provide an attractive shareholder return, and save customers money. Since 2017, wind energy — through a combination of fuel savings and tax credits — saved customers an estimated $1.8 billion. We now have over 11,000 megawatts of total wind capacity, including nearly 4,500 megawatts of owned wind. We also advanced plans for owning our first large-scale solar projects. We received approval for a 74-megawatt solar project in Wisconsin and proposed a 460-megawatt project near our Sherco coal plant in Minnesota. Advanced Grid Initiative Our $1.7 billion, multi-year Advanced Grid Initiative, to use advanced technology to bring customers cleaner, safer, more reliable energy, achieved a significant milestone in 2021 as the first batch of 310,000 smart meters were installed in Colorado. The two-way communication capabilities will help improve reliability, reduce the time it takes to restore power during an outage, and provide customers more options to manage their energy use and save money. (See story on pages 6-7). Operational excellence Operational excellence is at the core of our commitment and approach to operating our plants and facilities and our preparedness to respond to extreme weather and other events. We remain the top-performing nuclear fleet in the country. One of our units at Prairie Island operated for a record 703 consecutive days before its scheduled refueling in October. Additionally, we have held our operating and maintenance costs flat since 2013, helping to keep customer bills low without compromising safety or reliability. We remain committed to our industry-leading “Safety Always” program. (See story on pages 12-13). Employee focus As we have done since the start of the pandemic, our employees continue to follow extra safety protocols to protect themselves, their coworkers, and their loved ones from COVID-19. Approximately half of our employees worked remotely in 2021 but are returning to the office this spring with a hybrid work schedule as the pandemic continues to recede. The company added diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) metrics to its corporate scorecard for the first time in 2021, and I am pleased to report that we exceeded our goals. Diversity and inclusion make us a stronger company and a more welcoming workplace, where we can attract and retain top talent. (See story on page 2). It’s an honor to lead this team — more than 11,000 employees strong — that is consistently recognized with its outstanding business practices and ethics, operational performance, veteran hiring, and workplace culture. We were honored to be named among the World’s Most Ethical Companies® by Ethisphere for the third consecutive year, reflecting the company’s commitment to sustainability and ethical business practices. We also were among the Human Rights Campaign’s Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality, earning a perfect score on its Corporate Equality Index for the sixth consecutive year. We were named one of Fortune’s Most Admired Companies for the ninth consecutive year and ranked second among energy providers. With the best employees in the industry serving you, I’m excited about the future — not just what’s in store for 2022, but for the transformative progress on the horizon. You can count on the Xcel Energy team to deliver for you. Thanks for the continued trust you place in us. 

Sincerely,

Bob Frenzel 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
