Undoubtedly, 2021 was a challenging year with unprecedented supply chain issues impacting the automotive industry stemming from semiconductor shortages, port delays, and rising commodity, transportation and labor costs coupled with continued impact from COVID. However, I am very proud to say we navigated these disruptions and posted solid operating performance and cash flow results for the year. What we achieved in 2021 is evidence of our deep industry experience, manufacturing efficiency and the restructuring efforts we made in recent years. Simply, AAM did what we do best. We delivered. AAM ended 2021 with $5.2 billion in sales, $833 million in adjusted EBITDA and generated strong adjusted free cash flow of $423 million. This cash flow generation allowed AAM to reduce our outstanding long-term debt by $350 million in 2021. Our strategy is straightforward: maintain and strengthen our operational excellence to generate positive returns and cash flow; focus on securing our core business; and invest in our electrification future by leveraging our deep understanding of and experience in vehicle driveline systems. I am extremely proud to share that we announced multiple electrification business wins. These wins are tangible evidence of our industry leading electrification technology, and that we are headed in the right direction. In early 2021, we announced an agreement to jointly develop a new electric propulsion system for e-Mobility with REE Automotive. This agreement resulted in a production award with full volume output expected by 2024. We will be providing REE with our lightweight, highly efficient, next-generation 3-in-1 electric drive units (EDU), which integrate the gearbox, motor and power electronics in an efficient and compact design. Our drive units provide outstanding value that not only generate superior power density but also space efficiency that support OEM performance and volumetric goals. In addition, our next-generation EDU won the 2021 Altair Enlighten Award in the Future of Lightweighting category. The Altair award recognizes innovation and advancement in lightweighting that support environmental friendliness and improved fuel efficiency. Our highly engineered electric drive system delivers significant weight reduction when compared to other similar units without sacrificing power or performance. These are key attributes desired by vehicle manufacturers. We also announced electric vehicle differential wins with both General Motors and NIO. Our family of TracRite® differentials will deliver power and performance for the 2022 GMC HUMMER EV and for NIO’s next generation of electric drive units. For the HUMMER EV, our differential is designed to conquer tough obstacles and terrain. The truck features an AAM TracRite EL Electronic Locking Front Differential. The differentials efficiently distribute the power generated by the electric drive motor to the left and right wheels, resulting in superior traction. These important announcements continue to build our momentum in electrification, including an upcoming, high-performance premium luxury hybrid vehicle including multiple derivatives, for which AAM will provide an advanced electric P3 drive unit launching in 2022. We are enthusiastic and confident that our electric technology will drive profitable growth, market share, and continued customer diversification for AAM. AAM is uniquely positioned to design, engineer and manufacture electric vehicle components, subassemblies, gearboxes, electric drive units and full e-beam axles to the global OEM community. This is a formidable value proposition. To drive our pivot to electrification, we continue to grow and secure our core business. As such, we are proud to be the sole supplier of front and rear pickup axles at GM’s newly restarted Oshawa, Canada, facility. This new business is incremental to what we currently supply to GM for its large pickups and SUVs. We are also supplying EcoTrac Power Transfer Units for the all-new awardwinning Ford Bronco Sport and Maverick hybrid compact pickup. We are proud to support Ford on these extremely popular American nameplates. Furthermore, we secured the next-generation Ram Heavy Duty Axle and Driveshaft program. The current and future Ram programs equate to billions of dollars in revenue through 2030. Finally, we have won several significant next-generation programs that will sustain our profitability and cash flow generation for years to come and fuel our investment in mobility and electrification. We are securing the present to build for our future. In 2022, we look forward to announcing additional wins for both our electric and legacy businesses. Our broad and deep technology in both driveline and metal forming continue to provide a compelling benefit to OEMs to help manage costs, ensure quality and achieve fuel-efficiency targets. At AAM, achieving profitable growth through technology is important to us. Equally important is to do so sustainably. In our view, striving for operational excellence must include a commitment to build a safer, greener and more sustainable future for our associates, customers, communities and the environment. In 2019, we set specific environmental goals to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, energy usage, and water consumption by the end of 2024. AAM achieved these goals ahead of schedule, and we are now setting more challenging targets to guide our global environmental sustainability initiatives. These new objectives and our vision for AAM’s Net Zero future will be outlined in our 2021 Sustainability Report (to be published in the spring of 2022). In 2021, we launched a new AAM Operating System module to strengthen our daily commitment to improving the environmental impact of our global engineering and manufacturing operations. AAM’s E4 (E-to-the-fourth) program formalizes existing performance standards and metrics and drives a new focus on continuous improvement in four critical areas of environmental stewardship: GHG emissions, energy consumption, water protection and waste management. I’m confident this program will reap significant benefits for AAM and our global communities, and I look forward to updating you as we advance our environmental sustainability culture and systems. At AAM, we believe diversity and inclusion drives creativity. We believe an equitable and inclusive culture encourages and empowers AAM associates to be at their best. With these objectives in mind, we made significant strides advancing AAM’s Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) initiatives in 2021. Our focus on DEI this past year included new benchmarking, associate engagement, training and development programs. We launched AAM’s DEI Steering Committee, a diverse group of associates that serves as a conduit to share experiences, observations, and opinions with management. We worked with third-party experts to develop a comprehensive DEI strategy roadmap, and we established goals supporting our ambition to increase the representation of women and underrepresented minorities in our workforce and management team. Our primary goal in these efforts is to advance a respectful and inclusive company culture where everyone feels welcomed and celebrated for who they are as associates of AAM. To further this goal, we instituted AAM’s Mutual Respect Statement. The intent of this Mutual Respect Statement is to clearly outline and solidify guidelines that set a standard for creating a respectful and inclusive company culture. We believe our sustainability initiatives will lead to superior performance, including the ability to attract and retain the best talent available in our industry. As such, we have been named to Forbes’ list of America’s Best Large Employers, ranking in the top five of our industry group. We are very honored about this recognition. Additionally, during the year AAM continued our dedication to the communities where we live and work. TeamAAM volunteered at organizations dedicated to the underserved, STEM education, DEI and health and wellness. We also furthered our charitable giving from both a corporate and associate standpoint. Our team made a difference to those that need it the most. We look forward to further advancing all of our environmental, social, and governance initiatives in 2022. We are very excited about our future. We continue to manage factors under our control as demonstrated by our lean cost structure and focus on optimization. Our aim is to secure our core business and smartly invest for the future, building and expanding on our awardwinning electric drive platform. Our goal is to be a leader in electrification and mobility and provide a compelling value proposition for both legacy and start-up OEMs. We continue to be encouraged that the market favors light trucks, and low vehicle inventories will likely support healthy production recovery for many years to come. In addition, we want to run our business in a socially responsible manner – protecting the environment and promoting a diverse and inclusive culture for our associates. Our plan is very clear – deliver long-term profitability through technology and sustainability leadership. I am very proud of our accomplishments in 2021 and, with our strong operational foundation, I look forward to 2022 and beyond.

 David C. Dauch 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
