Dear Fellow Shareholders,

In fiscal 2021, Applied Materials delivered the best financial performance in company history while navigating a dynamic and challenging environment shaped by the COVID-19 pandemic. We set new records for revenue, operating income and earnings per share, generated a record level of cash from operations, and we finished the year with our highest ever backlog. We also expanded our industry-leading product portfolio with highly differentiated materials engineering solutions that enable our semiconductor customers’ power, performance, area, cost and time-to-market (PPACt™) roadmaps. In addition to our business and technology achievements, we made strong progress towards our environmental, social and governance (ESG) goals and initiatives. At Applied Materials, making a positive contribution to the world is at the foundation of our culture and our vision to Make Possible® a Better Future. DIGITAL TRANSFORMATION FUELS UNPRECEDENTED DEMAND FOR SEMICONDUCTORS Semiconductors are more important to the world than at any time in history as digital transformation is accelerating and impacting every area of the economy. Entire industries are being re-invented and consumers are making new choices about the way they spend their time, and the products and services they buy. Long-term secular trends including the Internet of Things (IoT), big data and artificial intelligence (AI) are driving the semiconductor and wafer fab equipment markets structurally higher. As everything around us becomes smarter – from our phones to our cars to our homes – the silicon content per device is increasing, fueling greater demand for semiconductors. The demand is broad based, encompassing both leading-edge and specialty chips. Applied anticipated this market diversification several years ago and formed a new group inside the company called ICAPS to focus on IoT, Communications, Automotive, Power and Sensor applications. Alongside the growth in semiconductor demand, chipmakers are increasingly adopting new methods for driving advances in PPACt as traditional 2D Moore’s Law scaling – the main driver of the industry’s roadmap for more than five decades – becomes more challenging and expensive. THE PPACt ENABLEMENT COMPANY™ At the center of Applied Materials’ strategy is to be the PPACt enablement company. We are in a unique position to accelerate our customers’ roadmaps as Applied has the industry’s broadest and most enabling portfolio of technologies spanning materials creation, modification, removal and analysis. Using the breadth of our portfolio, we are creating co-optimized and integrated solutions for semiconductors and displays that allow us to see and solve higher value problems for customers and speed up commercialization of new innovations. For example, our highly differentiated Integrated Materials Solutions (IMS) combine multiple process technologies with onboard metrology and sensors within a single system to enable unique films, structures and devices. Our innovative AI x™ platform (Actionable Insight Accelerator) brings together process tools, sensors and metrology with data analytics and machine learning to accelerate every stage of process technology development – from R&D to ramp and high-volume manufacturing. Together with our leadership in unit process equipment, innovations like IMS and the AI x platform create exciting growth opportunities for us in the years ahead. Our services business, which delivered record revenue and backlog in fiscal 2021, helps customers accelerate the transfer and ramp of new technologies into volume production and optimize the yield, cost and output of their factories. A key part of our strategy is to increasingly move beyond transactional services and parts to comprehensive services delivered via long-term service agreements that provide subscription revenue. We have already converted a meaningful portion of our installed base business to recurring revenues, and we are starting to monetize new products and services using subscription approaches. MAKE POSSIBLE A BETTER FUTURE At Applied Materials, we recognize that our position as a global technology leader comes with tremendous responsibility to our employees, to our customers and to society. In fiscal 2021 we made strong progress toward our 10-year sustainability roadmap that considers our operations, how we work with customers and suppliers, and how our technology can be used to advance sustainability on a global scale. Starting with our own operations, we remain on track to reduce our Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon emissions by 50% by 2030 and to transition to 100% renewable power in the U.S by 2022 and globally by 2030. We’re advancing our Culture of Inclusion by providing comprehensive diversity training to all senior leaders and a majority of employees worldwide. In regard to our work with customers and suppliers, we expanded the scope of our Design for Sustainability product team to design, model, test and quantify innovations that reduce the environmental impact of our semiconductor manufacturing systems. We also established the SuCCESS2030 office for our supply chain initiatives to oversee metrics, conduct compliance audits and training, and coordinate with key suppliers on environmental and social goals. On a global scale, we are working broadly across the ecosystem to drive the advances in technology needed to accelerate AI and the digital economy in an environmentally sustainable way. As we head into 2022, our long-term outlook remains very positive. Technology is becoming more pervasive in all aspects of peoples’ lives and this is driving the semiconductor and wafer fab equipment markets structurally higher. The strength of our product portfolio and advanced service offerings puts Applied Materials in the best position to accelerate our customers’ PPACt roadmaps and deliver further growth in the years ahead. 

Sincerely,

Gary E. Dickerson 

President and Chief Executive Officer
