Fiscal year 2021 was a transformational year in our history. We focused the business portfolio, created significant financial flexibility and assembled a new leadership team. Our strategic initiatives continued to be the centerpiece that drove progress on commitments to focus on the customer, improve our branch operations, capitalize on our scale and generate stockholder value. Our team worked tirelessly through COVID and supply chain challenges to provide high caliber service and solutions while ensuring the highest standards of health and safety. The housing market provided tailwinds for both our repair & replacement and new construction end markets. Residential roofing demand, and the residential exposed areas within complementary products, benefited from these fundamentals. Commercial contractor sentiment improved, and activity started to show a positive trend. In fiscal 2021, we produced record performance, highlighted by strong net sales, net income and Adjusted EBITDA, with higher revenue across all three of our lines of business. Management’s attention on pricing analytics and operational execution at both the corporate and local level showed results in a challenging supply environment. Our continuing operations produced $6.64 billion in net sales and net income margin of 3.3%, and Adjusted EBITDA margins improved from 6.7% in fiscal 2020 to 9.9% in fiscal 2021, an impressive performance given the environment. Our growth and transformation have allowed us to attract exceptional new talent to our leadership team. These individuals bring skills that will drive our organization’s performance to the next level and attract a new generation of Beacon employees. The divestiture of the interior products business returned us to being a focused leader within exterior building products distribution. Approximately 80% of our business is now within residential and commercial roofing. These are very attractive markets as roofing is mainly repair and replacement, with the majority of that spend being non-discretionary. We restored financial flexibility through a combination of debt paydown from the proceeds of the divestiture and a series of refinancing transactions. The results are a stronger balance sheet, lower cash interest and substantially reduced net debt at the end of the fiscal year. We now have ample ability to invest in value creating growth opportunities going forward. We have transformed the business while actively living our values. Today, we are engaging every employee in what it means to work at Beacon, how we celebrate what makes us proud, as well as how we face challenges. We recognize the importance of our values for our employees, customers and stockholders. Our four strategic initiatives made meaningful contributions and were particularly valuable during the pandemic. Our organic growth initiatives are showing results as we continue to invest resources in high potential markets. Our industry leading digital platform reached 13% of total sales by year-end and we have 50% more active users compared to the previous fiscal year end. By expanding and promoting our digital solutions, we are able to meet our customers’ changing e-commerce needs and, at the same time, improve our returns. Private label product sales grew substantially during fiscal 2021 and offer a superior value for our customers while delivering higher margins. The Beacon OTC® Network continued to benefit customers with improved service levels, delivery times and product availability. This initiative also provides efficiencies in staffing, fleet and inventory. Our OTC network consists of approximately 250 branches and 58 markets across the U.S. and Canada, and we opened our second hub in the important Houston market. We will continue to transition this model to markets containing a high level of branch density and remain confident it will drive shared success for our teams and customers. Our focus on improving branch performance is also producing significant results. Branches falling in the bottom quintile of our operating performance metrics are thoroughly reviewed and provided with the appropriate actions to improve the profitability of these locations. We saw markedly increased contributions from these branches over the past two fiscal years. We will continue to drive sales and operating improvements to bring these branches up to their potential. As we look forward, we are confident in our team’s ability to execute at a very high level. We are poised for continued growth, and I thank our more than 6,500 team members for their commitment and dedication to Beacon and our customers. I’m excited about our progress towards achieving our full potential and believe we are strategically and financially positioned for growth as we help our customers build more. As always, we sincerely appreciate the support from the investment community as well as our valued customers, suppliers and employees.

Sincerely,

Julian G. Francis 

President and CEO
