2021 was a year of recovery, rebuilding and resilience for our industry and for The Boeing Company. Our progress and milestones steadfastly reinforced our highest priority—enabling the safety, security and protection of everyone we serve. We made significant strides toward strengthening our safety culture, investing in our talent and instilling renewed discipline and rigor throughout our operations. I am extremely proud of our team’s accomplishments and resolve in building a healthier and stronger company. We know that our industry is a resilient one. Together with our customers and partners, we are charting the course for recovery as we innovate for a brighter, sustainable tomorrow. 

Ongoing COVID-19 Recovery 

The world at large navigated a second consecutive year of the COVID-19 pandemic and its wide-ranging social and economic impacts on businesses and the ways we work. In the latter part of the year, surges of the Delta and Omicron variants came about fast and strong, necessitating ongoing changes in COVID-19 requirements and guidance in varying measures across the globe. Through it all, we worked diligently and collaboratively across the industry advancing our Confident Travel Initiative (CTI), further enhancing health safeguards for air travel. We remain inspired by the critical work of the CTI team as they actively lead the global conversation on the safety of air travel amid COVID-19, applying proven aerospace engineering practices and data to develop new solutions. The commercial market continues to improve, enabled by wider vaccine distribution and an encouraging increase in travel demand, particularly in domestic markets. We look to the next phase of recovery in regional markets followed by long-haul international routes. The commercial services market began to rebound as air travel returned and customers utilized faster procurement channels to place e-commerce parts orders. We witnessed the ongoing human impact of the virus globally and the toll it has taken on our local communities. Boeing, and its 142,000 teammates around the world, are grateful for the efforts of all first responders, healthcare workers and researchers who continue to keep us all safe where we live and work. I am humbled by our Boeing teammates who find ways to overcome the challenges of the pandemic and support our local communities in need, while ensuring we deliver products and services to our customers with utmost safety, quality and transparency. Rebuilding Trust We profoundly committed to regaining the trust of our customers, regulators, investors and other key stakeholders through transparency, integrity and 2021 was a year of recovery, rebuilding and resilience for our industry and for The Boeing Company. Our progress and milestones steadfastly reinforced our highest priority—enabling the safety, security and protection of everyone we serve. We made significant strides toward strengthening our safety culture, investing in our talent and instilling renewed discipline and rigor throughout our operations. I am extremely proud of our team’s accomplishments and resolve in building a healthier and stronger company. We know that our industry is a resilient one. Together with our customers and partners, we are charting the course for recovery as we innovate for a brighter, sustainable tomorrow. Ongoing COVID-19 Recovery The world at large navigated a second consecutive year of the COVID-19 pandemic and its wide-ranging social and economic impacts on businesses and the ways we work. In the latter part of the year, surges of the Delta and Omicron variants came about fast and strong, necessitating ongoing changes in COVID-19 requirements and guidance in varying measures across the globe. Through it all, we worked diligently and collaboratively across the industry advancing our Confident Travel Initiative (CTI), further enhancing health safeguards for air travel. We remain inspired by the critical work of the CTI team as they actively lead the global conversation on the safety of air travel amid COVID-19, applying proven aerospace engineering practices and data to develop new solutions. The commercial market continues to improve, enabled by wider vaccine distribution and an encouraging increase in travel demand, particularly in domestic markets. We look to the next phase of recovery in regional markets followed by long-haul international routes. The commercial services market began to rebound as air travel returned and customers utilized faster procurement channels to place e-commerce parts orders. We witnessed the ongoing human impact of the virus globally and the toll it has taken on our local communities. Boeing, and its 142,000 teammates around the world, are grateful for the efforts of all first responders, healthcare workers and researchers who continue to keep us all safe where we live and work. I am humbled by our Boeing teammates who find ways to overcome the challenges of the pandemic and support our local communities in need, while ensuring we deliver products and services to our customers with utmost safety, quality and transparency. 

Rebuilding Trust 

We profoundly committed to regaining the trust of our customers, regulators, investors and other key stakeholders through transparency, integrity and delivering on what we promise. With an unwavering dedication to safety, our 737 program teammates have been working around the clock globally to support our customers as they return airplanes back to service. Regulators in 185 out of 195 countries—including China, Ethiopia and Indonesia—have allowed the 737 MAX to resume service or fly within its airspace. Since its return to service starting in late 2020 through the end of 2021, the 737 MAX made nearly 300,000 revenue flights for 35 operators, accounting for 720,000 flight hours with more than 99% schedule reliability. In addition, we delivered 272 737 MAX airplanes over that period and we’re poised to continue steadily increasing production. Boeing is navigating the 787 Dreamliner return to delivery with the same disciplined approach as we did with the 737 MAX return to service. We are actively and transparently communicating with our regulators, customers and suppliers every step of the way as we move closer to delivering airplanes and bringing more predictability and stability to the program for the long-term. The in-service 787 fleet continues to satisfy customers and outperform in the market as the most utilized widebody during the pandemic — with nearly 99% of in-service 787s returning to revenue service compared to prepandemic levels. With safety and quality guiding our recovery, we prudently managed our financials and began to see the results from our enterprise transformation initiative to drive simplification and stability across our operations. By the end of 2021, our actions, coupled with market recovery, helped generate positive operating cash flow in the fourth quarter—a key financial milestone—and builds on our path to sustainable cash generation in the years ahead. 

Market Opportunity and Increasing Cargo Demand 

Our 2021 Boeing Market Outlook projects a $9 trillion market opportunity over the next decade for aerospace products and services. At the end of 2021, we had a backlog valued at more than $377 billion—including approximately 4,200 commercial airplanes—demonstrating Boeing’s comprehensive product and services lineup to meet this demand. Supply chain disruptions and limited cargo belly capacity on passenger planes due to the pandemic, as well as increasing e-commerce, has led to an increase in near-term cargo demand, including dedicated freighters—both new and converted models. Longterm, we project the global freighter fleet in 2040 will be 70% larger than the prepandemic fleet, continuing to be driven in part by e-commerce. To satisfy global demand from operators worldwide, we announced plans to increase freighter conversion capacity with the addition of 10 conversion lines across new and existing maintenance, repair and overhaul suppliers.

We booked record orders in 2021 for new and converted Boeing freighters, including 84 orders for our 767, 777 and 747 freighters. As air traffic rebounded and operators looked for more efficient ways to procure parts and service for their fleets, Boeing also reached a record high for e-commerce parts sales in a single year with more than $2 billion in 2021. 

Defense, Space and Security Missions 

Boeing’s Defense, Space and Security portfolio continues to deliver on its mission to equip the U.S. government and allied nations with the latest advanced technologies and products. We are focused on providing our security customers—who require speed and flexibility—digital solutions and cutting-edge products and platforms that meet the growing demand in the global security market. In 2021, we delivered 169 total aircraft including Norway’s first P-8A Poseidon and the first KC-46A tanker to the Japan Air Self-Defense Force. The KC-46A has been approved by the U.S. Air Force to refuel almost 70% of receiver aircraft and is successfully flying refueling missions with operators—delivering more than 60 million pounds (27 million kilograms) of fuel to a wide range of aircraft. Our commitment to support our space mission with uncrewed and crewed flights of the CST-100 Starliner remains steadfast, and we continue to work closely with NASA as we go forward. 

Progress on Development Programs 

Our defense development programs are making good progress, as we successfully completed the first carrier tests with the U.S. Navy for the MQ-25 uncrewed aerial refueler and started flight testing on the second uncrewed Airpower Teaming System. We are also integrating our learnings from the defense programs into our commercial development process. As proudly featured on our front cover this year, the 777X made its international debut at the Dubai Airshow in November—the first inperson international air show since the height of the pandemic. We continue to guide the airplane through a comprehensive and rigorous test program to demonstrate its safety, performance and reliability as we engage with the FAA and global regulators on our progress, and look forward to delivery of the first airplane. Our customers recognize the compelling economics and sustainability benefits—including 10 percent improvement in fuel efficiency and emissions over the competition— of the 777X, which will be the world’s largest and most efficient twin-engine jet. We are also excited to have launched the latest member of the 777X family, the 777-8 Freighter, with an order for up to 50 from launch customer Qatar Airways. Throughout our development process, we are considering the full life-cycle of our products and services in close collaboration with our customers in order to offer mutually-beneficial solutions. In doing this, we are developing new ways to share data through a digital thread that will integrate our products, customers and suppliers. We are utilizing new innovation and digital enablement as a strategic capability during the development of new products and services. We are also advancing our development of the 737-7 and 737-10. The 737-7, the smallest airplane in the 737 MAX family, has completed its flight test program. Boeing is now working with the FAA to complete all deliverables for type certification. The 737-10, the largest airplane in the 737 MAX family which can carry up to 230 passengers, completed a successful first flight in June. 

Our Digitally-Enabled Future 

In September, Boeing launched an integrated approach to all digital efforts to support our next suite of products within a digital ecosystem. This fully dedicated team is creating the digital environment where the next new airplane and production system can be designed together, providing significant benefits in first-time quality throughout the design and manufacturing process. This digital environment will provide connectivity for data-driven decision making from design and production to manufacturing and services. The effort builds upon years of learnings from programs across Boeing, including the first digitally designed aircraft developed for the United States Air Force, the T-7A Red Hawk. Our production line employees on the T-7A already attest firsthand that their experiences working in this digital, collaborative environment are favorable. While the initial intent is to leverage the team to inform digital development of the next commercial airplane, the work to increase data collaboration across the entire company will support development, production, and manufacturing in our defense and services businesses as well. 

Sustainable Aerospace 

At Boeing, sustainability is rooted in our values, our stakeholders’ expectations, and encompasses our focus on environmental stewardship, social progress and inclusion, and valuesbased, transparent governance. As a company whose purpose is to protect, connect and explore our world and beyond, we fully support the importance of safe and sustainable aerospace. We envision that by 2050 air travel will carry more than 10 billion passengers a year, and support 180 million jobs, safely and sustainably. We are collectively inspired and motivated by a united purpose—enabling all of humanity to take flight safely, including the 80% of people around the world who have yet to take their first flight. At the same time, commercial and defense customers and governments around the globe are committing to bold climate change ambitions. We support our industry’s commitment to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050 and are already partnering across the sector to decarbonize. The actions we have already taken include our commitment to deliver commercial airplanes that will be capable of flying on 100% sustainable aviation fuels by 2030. Additionally, we recently announced a further investment in Wisk Aero to advance its 6th generation electric vertical take-off and landing (eVTOL) aircraft. Wisk, a joint venture established in 2019 by Boeing and Kitty Hawk Corporation, is dedicated to delivering safe, everyday flight for everyone. We’ll continue to share the progress we make through our annual Sustainability Report, which we published for the first time in 2021, underscoring our commitment to advancing sustainable aerospace for the greater good of our customers, our industry and the environment. 

Our Culture of Inclusion 

Our teammates collaborate to make the world better—creating powerful technologies, services and products that connect the globe, protect freedoms and borders, and advance scientific discovery from the seabed to deep space. Our ability to innovate and achieve success depends on our diverse, global team working together, supporting one another and living our values.

Across Boeing, we are committed to investing in our teams’ career development and fostering an atmosphere where all teammates can bring their whole selves to work and grow in their Boeing careers with opportunities to develop and make an impact. This longstanding promise to our team is especially critical as the competition for talent grows increasingly fierce. We also continue to focus on growing and developing our engineering talent pipeline. The work we do across commercial, space, defense and services changes the world—and our engineers are at the forefront. As we build a more inclusive workplace, it is important for all voices to be valued and heard every day. We encourage employees, managers and colleagues to seek, speak and listen in all interactions, and when challenges arise, reach out and ask questions to get to the heart of the matter. It’s through this openness that we better communicate, operate, and innovate as a company. We will continue to share progress on our commitment to advance equity, diversity and inclusion within Boeing and beyond as seen in our first Global Equity, Diversity & Inclusion Report, released in 2021. As we further transform for the future, this work is foundational to our company values and central to our business strategy for the long-term. 

Making a Difference Globally 

When U.S. forces pulled out of Afghanistan at the end of August, the digital flight solutions offered by Global Services played a vital role in the massive operation that evacuated more than 124,000 people from the Kabul airport. Every single country that operated flights into and out of Kabul during the airlift effort utilized Boeing’s Military Digital Solutions. We are thankful for the courage of the men and women of the military from the U.S. and from allied nations that led evacuation efforts on the ground. We are proud to have played a role in supporting them with unique requirements for various aircraft. Our Global Services team helped increase the payload to accommodate extra passengers on the Royal Australian Air Force’ C-17 Globemaster III aircraft and improve confidence in certain key components of the United Kingdom’s fleet of C-17s. Boeing employees also delivered navigation and data products for other aircraft in the U.S. Air Force and U.S. government’s Civil Reserve Air Fleet. These key moments are among many stories that reinforce the impact our people, products and services can have on the world. It’s indicative of the culture we continue to cultivate at Boeing, one of care for our teammates, our customers and humanity. It’s what inspires us every day. 

Moving Forward, Together 

Looking ahead, Boeing is focused on driving stability and making the right investments to ensure we are well-positioned for future growth. With safety at the forefront, our effort to stabilize our production system, including the supply chain, and improve our delivery predictability, remain important priorities as we continue to invest in our people, technology, manufacturing capabilities, and strategic partnerships. The past several years have been challenging; however, they have made us stronger as a company and as an industry. We are part of a rich and proud legacy that drives us forward every day. With revitalized spirit and an unwavering commitment to transparency in all we do, we are transforming to be a better, stronger Boeing, propelled by the spirit of innovation that has been our hallmark for more than a century. Thank you for your continued confidence in our company. It’s my privilege to be on the Boeing team as we work with our customers and stakeholders to move forward, together.



David L. Calhoun

President and CEO
