Dear Fellow Shareholders

We will emerge from the pandemic as an even stronger company, well-positioned for long-term profitable growth.

In a year of unexpected and unparalleled challenges, I am proud of our global team’s performance as they provided essential products and services that enabled our customers to support a world in need. By prioritizing employees’ safety, health and well-being, we remained both safe and productive as we managed through the pandemic. Despite the difficult environment, we achieved the best safety performance on record for the second consecutive year – a testament to our employees’ safety-first mindset. We finished the year with an operating profit margin of 10.9% and were pleased our adjusted operating profit margin of 11.8% was within the targeted range we announced during our 2019 investor day. We expected it would be difficult to achieve our targeted range due to the impact of COVID-19 and our intent to continue investing in new products and services to drive long-term profitable growth. Also notable, 2020 marked the 27th consecutive year we paid higher annual dividends to shareholders. We are proud of our status as a Dividend Aristocrat.

EXECUTING OUR STRATEGY FOR PROFITABLE GROWTH 

Successfully navigating the many obstacles we faced in 2020 has only strengthened our resolve that we have the right strategy – based on operational excellence, expanded offerings and services – and that we are well-positioned for long-term profitable growth. The operational excellence element of our strategy has served us well, resulting in disciplined management of structural costs. By carefully managing costs and improving efficiencies, we went into the pandemic with a strong financial position. We continued to invest in expanded offerings and services to help make our customers more successful. An example of continued investment in expanded offerings is our new GX line of excavators launched last fall in China. The GX series provides a more competitive offering by delivering the durability, safety and services customers expect, plus up to 15% lower fuel consumption than prior models and up to 25% lower maintenance cost.

We have intensified our focus on growing services by working more closely with our dealers to help our customers be even more successful. Through integrated services offerings like Customer Value Agreements (CVAs), dealers can better support customers throughout the lifecycle of their equipment, with an easy-to-buy, easy-to-own experience. Last year we increased the number of products sold with CVAs and the average length of the agreements. Through our digital strategy, we improved our customers’ ability to conveniently manage their equipment and conduct business with Caterpillar and our dealers. Our digital investments allow us to leverage our more than one million connected machines and engines to expand our offerings and services. 

GIVING BACK THROUGH THE CATERPILLAR FOUNDATION 

The record level of support for worldwide COVID-19 relief efforts through the Caterpillar Foundation speaks to our Caterpillar team’s generosity. The Foundation donated $10 million (USD) to directly support COVID-19 response and help impacted organizations.





BUILDING A BETTER, MORE SUSTAINABLE WORLD 

Caterpillar has a long-standing commitment to sustainability. It is one of our five Values in Action, which are the foundation of who we are and what we do every day. We are reducing emissions in our operations and are investing to help our customers meet their climate-related objectives. Our 2020 Sustainability Report features our new sustainability goals, several of which we established to enhance our future performance and impact. 

We continue executing our strategy for profitable growth, improving operational excellence and investing in expanded offerings and services to help our customers succeed. 

We are grateful for our team’s accomplishments in 2020 as they put safety first, remained productive and continued to deliver for our customers and stakeholders. It was not the year we were expecting as we celebrated 95 years of operation. Yet, for nearly a century, we have overcome many challenges, and once again, our employees rose to the occasion, laying the foundation for many more years of success. We will emerge from the pandemic as an even stronger company, well-positioned for long-term profitable growth.



Jim Umpleby

Chairman & CEO
