This year, our annual REport is all about REsults. In short, they were REmarkable. Once again, we increased earnings, improved cash flow and strengthened our balance sheet—all while positioning ourselves for an even brighter future. Accomplishments like these don’t just happen. They’re the result of sound decisions made by CMC leadership, and the tremendous effort put forth by our employees, every single day. But there are other reasons as well. Like the impressive structures supported by our steel, CMC was built on a sturdy foundation of unchanging core beliefs. A pledge to support the communities in which we operate while looking out for the health and safety of our employees. A dedication to continually develop innovative new products for an ever-expanding spectrum of new markets and uses. And a commitment to employ advanced technology to responsibly produce the steel required by our customers today while protecting our environment and preserving our natural resources for tomorrow. Our steadfast adherence to these convictions helped guide us to our present REsults. What’s more, we couldn’t help but recognize one more recurring idea underlying our success—call it the “RE factor.” From REcycling and REbar to the REsponsible way we do business, “RE” just seems to be an essential part of most everything we do. For that reason, we’ve decided to further enlist it to help us tell the story of this year’s impressive REsults. And as we move forward, it will no doubt help ensure we are ready to embrace the opportunities yet to come. REcord REsults CMC has operated for 106 years, and I am proud to report that fiscal 2021 was the best one – yet. The Company increased consolidated Core EBITDA by 25% and generated record financial performances in both the North America and Europe reporting segments. Return on invested capital of 14.9% reached new heights, demonstrating the tremendous amount of value that the strategically transformed CMC is capable of producing for shareholders. Exceptional financial results were made possible by solid commercial and operational execution, which allowed CMC to capitalize on strong market environments within our core geographies. A Sustainable Business Model CMC has long been a leader in environmentally friendly steelmaking. At our Company, good stewardship goes hand-in-hand with good business practices – as less waste, lower energy usage, and higher efficiency lead directly to increased profitability and improved returns. We demonstrated this over a decade ago when we built the world’s first micro mill, a technology that outperforms all others on emissions, energy efficiency, and waste minimization. Today, our commitment continues as we construct CMC’s third micro mill, which will not only be the first in the world to produce both rebar and merchant bar, but will also be among the first steelmaking sites in the world with the capability to source electricity directly from an on-site renewable source. Looking ahead to the next decade, CMC has committed to ambitious environmental targets that will ensure we remain at the forefront of our industry. Building for the Future Over the last three fiscal years CMC has roughly doubled its throughthe-cycle earnings capability, but we are not done yet. Our Company is currently executing on a number of attractive strategic growth initiatives that will further improve operational capabilities and increase earnings and cash flow levels. At the close of fiscal 2021, we successfully started up CMC’s third rolling line in Europe, which provides greater operational flexibility to our Polish business, increases output of higher value product, and leverages fixed costs in the melting operations. Solid progress is being made on our network optimization initiative launched in fiscal 2020, with $25 million in annual EBITDA benefits already achieved. We expect this effort to yield further earnings and working capital benefits in the future. The largest of our initiatives is CMC’s planned third micro mill, dubbed Arizona 2 (AZ2). This plant is expected to commence operations in mid-fiscal 2023 and will add 500,000 tons of state-of-the-art rebar and merchant bar capacity within one of the nation’s most attractive geographical markets. Enhanced Shareholder REturns Subsequent to the close of fiscal 2021, CMC announced a 17% increase to its quarterly dividend, the first change in 13 years, and authorization of a new $350 million share REpurchase program. These actions reflect a well-balanced capital allocation strategy that will continue to fund value-accretive growth, while returning a meaningful portion of CMC’s free cash flow to shareholders. The strategic transformation of the last several years that has REmade our Company has also REmade our cash flow capabilities. As a result, senior leadership and the board of directors are confident that CMC can both profitably grow and provide attractive cash distributions to our investors. The Road Ahead As I write this letter, the outlook for fiscal 2022 looks bright given encouraging trends in underlying construction and industrial demand. That could change – we are living in unpredictable times. However, CMC is built to last and stands ready to navigate any economic environment. We have the operational footprint and flexibility to capitalize on the strong markets we currently see in North America and Europe. We are positioned to benefit from emerging secular trends like domestic supply chain hardening and population migration and new community formation in the Southern U.S. We also have the balance sheet and debt profile to withstand any unexpected challenges that aren’t yet visible on the horizon. CMC’s strategy of building around core strengths has created a company more capable than ever before of generating significant long-term value for our shareholders. 

BARBARA R. SMITH 

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
