TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

INTRODUCTION In 2021, businesses around the world, including ours, continued to face the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic. These challenges included disrupted supply chains, COVID-driven absenteeism in our facilities and dramatic cost increases late in the year. Amid these operational challenges, industry volumes recovered, driven by increases in vehicle miles traveled and distributors’ need to replenish inventories, but remained below 2019 levels. Despite these challenges, we delivered results that surpassed pre-pandemic levels. This is a huge recovery from the prior year. We also continued investing to keep us on a path to future success. In February 2021, we took an important strategic step to strengthen the breadth of our product portfolio and enhance our value proposition with the announced acquisition of Cooper Tire, the fifth-largest tire manufacturer in North America. Together, we are fundamentally stronger and better positioned to continue creating value for all stakeholders. Also, we accelerated our momentum in other areas to help Goodyear remain the world’s preferred tire brand. Our presence and influence in new mobility increased through the launch of innovative products and solutions and new partnerships. In addition, we strengthened Goodyear’s commitment to sustainability with the continued incorporation of new materials that reduce the environmental impact of our operations while maintaining our industry-leading product performance. These accomplishments are a testament to the dedication of our associates. On behalf of our leadership team and all Goodyear stakeholders, we offer our sincere thanks and appreciation to our associates for their continued commitment and relentless pursuit of excellence, positioning Goodyear for the future while delivering business results in the critical areas of share, cost and cash. Together, we are guided by a refreshed Strategy Roadmap. Launched in late 2021, the Roadmap defines how we win, how we work and where we focus, with an even stronger emphasis on sustainability. These all come together as part of enabling mobility for the world today and in the future. GOODYEAR AND COOPER Cooper Tire joining the Goodyear family marked a transformational milestone for two great American tire manufacturers, both with strong reputations and rich histories in our shared home state of Ohio. The acquisition, which closed in June, makes Goodyear an even stronger U.S. leader in the global tire industry and better able to meet the needs of all consumers. In addition to strengthening our leadership position in the U.S., the transaction nearly doubles our presence in China, a market with tremendous growth prospects. Here, we can expand the distribution of Cooper replacement tires by leveraging our network of 2,500 Goodyear branded retail stores. This example is just one of the many opportunities we believe we have to harness the power of Goodyear’s global distribution network to create value for our customers and shareholders. The combined company will also have a more comprehensive offering across the value spectrum. Cooper’s portfolio of respected, popular brands – particularly among value-minded vehicle owners – is a seamless complement to Goodyear’s premium product lineup. By offering more choices across the total portfolio, we can enhance our market position and grow faster, particularly in the highly profitable light truck and SUV product segments. As we move forward, we will benefit from improved scale to support further significant investments in new mobility. Expanding our capabilities here will help Goodyear deliver future innovation to electric and autonomous vehicle manufacturers, emerging consumer fleets and other mobility platforms. From the beginning of our integration of Cooper’s business, we have been committed to a “best of both worlds” approach. In this spirit, the Goodyear and Cooper teams have worked closely since the close of the transaction in June to gain a deeper understanding of each other’s businesses to find ways to operate more efficiently and better serve our customers. While a complete integration will continue into 2023, we already have found many ways to blend strengths, increase agility and improve efficiency. With this momentum increasing our confidence in what we can achieve together, we expect to deliver $250 million of synergies, a 50% increase from our initial plan. OUR PRODUCTS While we continue to deliver outstanding products and industry-leading services to today’s customers, we’re also accelerating our growth in new mobility areas to meet tomorrow’s needs. New products, services and innovation partners are expanding the breadth of solutions we offer to consumers and customers. At the same time, we are building new skills to strengthen our leadership position as transportation continues to evolve. Last year, we outperformed in consumer OE, where our industry-leading technical capabilities give us a real advantage. A large part of our recent momentum in this area reflects our ability to meet the complex demands of electrification. Goodyear tires can handle the added stresses of increased vehicle weight, regenerative braking and higher torque while helping extend vehicle range through reduced rolling resistance. This technology leadership position is critical as electric mobility begins a period of dramatic growth. It has enabled us to secure a presence on nearly half of the electric vehicle platforms produced in Europe. As the adoption of EVs accelerates, we will have additional opportunities to differentiate ourselves as a technology leader. We introduced the Goodyear ElectricDrive GT, our first EV replacement tire in North America. An ultra-high performance, all-season tire, the ElectricDrive GT delivers long-lasting treadwear and a quiet ride for EV drivers and passengers. With the continued growth in the EV segment, we recognized an opportunity to provide consumers with a tire designed for the unique needs of these vehicles. Beyond EV products, the Vector 4Seasons Gen-3, Eagle F1 Asymmetric 5 and EfficientGrip 2 SUV were among the consumer products earning awards last year. While third-party recognition draws consumers to our brand, the distribution changes we made in Europe and the benefits of customers reopening their businesses also contributed to our strong performance in EMEA and the Americas in 2021. We’ve designed our suite of products and fleet services to capitalize on these growing trends. To bolster our offering, we launched the FuelMax Endurance in Europe, our most versatile and fuel-efficient commercial tire yet. We also added DrivePoint to our Total Mobility offering. DrivePoint is an easy-to-use tool, enabling optimal tire maintenance and improved tire longevity and fuel efficiency. Our fleet solutions business will afford us a significant competitive advantage in the years ahead. OUR SERVICES Among the service breakthroughs in 2021 was the launch of Goodyear SightLine, a suite of technologies that uses sensors with cloud-based algorithms to help identify and address problems before they become visible, detecting conditions in real-time. SightLine, initially available in North America and Europe, became the first tire intelligence solution for cargo van fleets. At the 2020 Consumer Electronics Show, we announced our vehicle servicing marketplace platform, AndGo by Goodyear. AndGo connects mobility companies with qualified service providers such as our national network of technicians to facilitate service work such as tire maintenance, oil changes, cleaning, and sanitizing. Last year, we experienced five-fold growth in vehicle maintenance jobs, highlighting the relevance of fleet vehicle maintenance from our trusted brand. NEW MOBILITY PARTNERSHIPS Goodyear SightLine provided the impetus for a partnership with Gatik, the first autonomous middle-mile logistics service provider in North America. The collaboration’s goal is to advance the development of mobility solutions for the autonomous business-to-business (B2B) short-haul logistics industry. Gatik’s medium-duty fleet will use tires equipped with tire intelligence technology powered by Goodyear SightLine to contribute safer, more sustainable goods movement while reducing costs for Gatik’s customers. We also began partnering with AmpUp, an EV-charging technology leader. AmpUp supports the EV driving community through its advanced charging network and software solutions. In addition, we also have the opportunity to bring charging solutions to our fleet customers who are considering electrification. Moreover, an investment made through Goodyear Ventures, our venture capital fund, gives us the chance to participate in AmpUp’s journey. Other new strategic relationships begun in the U.S. over the past year include Plus, a global provider of self-driving truck technology. Goodyear will provide connected “intelligent” tires and optimized, autonomous trucking solutions that drive the transformation of the logistics industry. Also, we began piloting select tire monitoring solutions with Voyomotive, a connected car technology company. In an industry first, Goodyear developed a non-pneumatic tire and wheel assembly to support autonomous vehicle transportation in a city setting with the Jacksonville (Florida) Transportation Authority. Our airless tire was also adopted by Starship Technologies, a global provider of autonomous delivery services, which operates a network of self-driving delivery robots that can carry and deliver packages, groceries and food within a four-mile radius. In Europe, we partnered with automotive leader ZF to integrate our fleet and tire management solutions and simplify operations through a customizable telematics-based offering. Also, Goodyear began collaborating with Dutch research organization TNO on a demonstration vehicle that will test the interface of our connected tires with a vehicle’s anti-lock brake system. We believe Goodyear’s intelligent tires will play an integral role in making mobility safer. By working with like-minded partners, we can accelerate our capabilities. SUSTAINABILITY Over the past decade, both the definition and importance of sustainability has changed significantly. In response, Goodyear developed more fuel-efficient products, reduced energy usage in our factories, and eliminated waste to landfills. Also, we discovered ways to use more sustainable raw materials, such as soybean oil and rice husk ash silica, that deliver similar or better product performance while reducing our environmental impacts. While our track record is clear, our work is just beginning. As an industry leader, Goodyear is committed to implementing transformative changes that will help protect our planet for future generations. In this spirit, we recently announced a goal to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050, with minimal reliance on offsets. In support of this ambition, we established new intermediate-term emission-reduction targets that are aligned with Science-Based Targets initiative (SBTi) standards. To help us achieve our long-term sustainability goals, we have several supporting initiatives underway. For example, we announced a plan to procure 100% renewable energy in most of our facilities across Europe and Turkey by year-end. We’re also working with third-party experts and developers to help us achieve our sustainable material goals, including Monolith, with whom we’ll collaborate to develop carbon black produced from methane and biomethane that is suitable for tires. The focus on more environmentally friendly raw materials is paying off. In fact, in January, our scientists and engineers constructed a demonstration tire with 70 percent sustainable material content out of thirteen featured ingredients, including technical grade polyester sourced from recycled plastic bottles. With this success, we are on track to reach our goal of a 100% sustainable-material and maintenance-free tire by 2030 and complete petroleum oil replacement in our products by 2040. REFLECTIONS As we move closer to Goodyear’s 125th anniversary in 2023, I often try to imagine the mindset of our founders. They, too, faced a rapidly changing world of mobility. Their future was filled equally with unforeseen challenges and unimaginable possibilities. In every sense, the Goodyear of our founders was a start-up. I can confidently say that Goodyear still possesses the same energy and optimism reflected in our origins. A vision of “what’s possible” sustains us today and fuels our enthusiasm for the future. This vision drives us to deliver the best products and services for customers and consumers while aggressively pushing our technology and creativity to develop tomorrow’s mobility solutions. In a global tire industry where change is likely to be the only constant, we are confident that the unique combination of our brand value, technology, innovation, and dedicated associates will ensure we maintain our leadership position.  We look forward to embracing the challenges and opportunities ahead, and we greatly appreciate the continued confidence of our shareholders as we move forward.

Respectfully submitted,

RICHARD J. KRAMER 

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer & President
