In a year marked by continued COVID-19 pandemic surges, unprecedented supply chain disruptions, and the most significant cost inflation we have seen in 50 years, the ITW team delivered differentiated service for our customers, record financial performance for our shareholders, and continued progress in the execution of our long-term enterprise strategy. ITW’s 2021 Performance Highlights » Revenue of $14.5 billion, up 15% » Organic growth of 12% » GAAP EPS of $8.51, up 28% » Peer group best-in-class operating margin of 24.1% » Peer group best-in-class after-tax Return on Invested Capital (ROIC)1 of 29.5% » Deployed $1.3 billion to support the long-term profitable growth of the company through investments in our highly profitable core businesses and in high-quality acquisitions » Raised our dividend for the 58th consecutive year (+7%/share) The core focus of our strategy is to leverage ITW’s powerful and proprietary competitive advantages – what we refer to as the ITW Business Model (see pages 4-5) – to consistently deliver top-tier performance in any environment. In order to do so, we must have both the agility to take full advantage of our opportunities when times are good, and the resilience to be able to continue to execute for our customers and remain invested in our long-term strategy when they are not. We can safely say that the resilience component of this equation has been rigorously tested by the conditions we have confronted over the past two years and that the company passed with flying colors. In the Global Pandemic, ITW Took the Long View and Remained Fully Invested In the early stages of the global pandemic, it became clear to us that the operational capabilities and financial position that the company had built up through the execution of our enterprise strategy put ITW in a uniquely strong position as we contemplated the challenges and uncertainties ahead. And from there, it didn’t take us long to make two key decisions regarding how ITW would manage through the pandemic: 1. We would not initiate any employment reduction initiatives at any point in 2020, and we would provide full compensation and benefits support to all ITW team members. While we believed fundamentally that this was a critical moment to demonstrate our commitment to our people and to ITW’s core values, we also believed that this approach would put us in a significantly advantaged position with regard to our ability to support our customers in the recovery. 2. We would remain fully invested in our long-term enterprise strategy initiatives and rather than “hunkering down,” we would focus every ITW division on positioning their business to “Win the Recovery” with their customers and in their markets. Now here we are almost exactly two years later and the people that we retained and the marketing, innovation, and capacity investments that we continued to fund as a result of these two decisions are fueling our record financial results and have ITW strongly positioned to continue to accelerate organic growth and sustain our best-in-class margins and returns in 2022 and beyond. ITW’s Enterprise Strategy: Nine Years In Back in 2012, we launched a new enterprise strategy for the company that was built around five key tenets: 1. The ITW Business Model is our defining competitive advantage and our most valuable asset. It provides us with a powerful set of strategic, operational, and cultural practices that when properly applied and practiced drive high-quality organic growth, best-in-class margins and returns, and consistent “do what we say” execution. 2. ITW’s highly differentiated business model must translate into consistent top-tier performance. In any environment, over any 10-year period … no excuses. 3. Solid growth with best-in-class margins and returns is our performance positioning objective. We prioritize quality of growth over quantity of growth. 4. Our focus is on being the best ITW that we can be. Excellence in the practice of the ITW Business Model everywhere in the company every day. 5. Invest capital and management time, effort, and resources only where we can leverage the ITW Business Model into meaningful and sustainable competitive advantage. Highly disciplined and selective with regard to our business portfolio. Return surplus capital to shareholders rather than pursue opportunities that reside outside of our core competitive advantages. We have come a long way over the last nine years in our quest to be the “best ITW we can be”: » Increased earnings per share by 165% » Increased operating margin by 8.2 percentage points to 24.1% (#1 in our peer group) » Increased after-tax ROIC1 by 15.0 percentage points to 29.5% (#1 in our peer group) » Increased the company’s market capitalization to $77 billion from $23 billion » Returned $26 billion of capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases » Increased ITW’s annual dividend per share by 221% while reducing ITW’s share count by more than 30% » Generated Total Shareholder Return (TSR) of 398% vs. 292% peer group average and 298% for the S&P 500 From our perspective, the really good news is that while we have made considerable progress over the last nine years, we are far from done as we continue to find new opportunities for additional improvement on our path to ITW’s full potential. Management, Governance, and Organizational Developments A deep and experienced management team and a highly accomplished Board of Directors are critical components of ITW’s long-term performance and success. We value and appreciate them always, and especially during challenging times such as these. We recognize Steven L. Martindale, who retired as executive vice president in 2021 after 19 years of service. We thank Steve for his many contributions and leadership over the course of his distinguished career and wish him the very best in his retirement. We also recognize and thank Kevin M. Warren, who retired after serving as a member of our Board of Directors for 11 years, and we were pleased to welcome Darrell L. Ford, executive vice president and chief human resources officer of UPS International, to our Board of Directors. In 2021, we welcomed several new members to our Executive Leadership Team. Patricia A. Hartzell was elected as executive vice president of the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment, and Javier Gracia Carbonell was elected as executive vice president of the Construction Products segment. Patty and Xavi have been with the company 23 years and 15 years, respectively. We were also pleased to welcome Jennifer Kaplan Schott as our senior vice president, general counsel and secretary. While organic growth is our number-one growth focus and priority, we are delighted to supplement that whenever we come across an opportunity to acquire a high-quality business that is a strong fit with our enterprise strategy and our disciplined financial framework. In late 2021, we closed on just such an opportunity in the MTS Test & Simulation business. MTS is a great strategic fit for ITW and highly complementary to our existing Test & Measurement business. We are very pleased to welcome the MTS team to ITW. Moving Forward ITW today has never been stronger in our ability to translate our unique competitive advantages into differentiated performance for our customers and shareholders nor better prepared to do so in the context of an external environment that will continue to be characterized by a high degree of change, volatility, and risk. Given these factors both internal and external, we have no doubt that the ITW Business Model and our strategy centered on leveraging it to its full potential will be as formidable of a competitive advantage and performance differentiator for the company over the next 10 years as it has been over the last nine … if not more so. We, along with our 45,000-plus ITW colleagues around the world, are excited and energized by the opportunities and challenges ahead. In closing, we offer our deepest thanks and admiration to our ITW colleagues around the world for the hard work, dedication, and ingenuity they bring to serving our customers and executing our strategy with excellence each and every day. Their performance over the past two years has provided another compelling proof point that ITW is a company that has the enduring competitive advantages, agility, and resilience necessary to consistently deliver top-tier performance in any environment. And it is entirely due to their efforts that ITW is today considered by many to be among the world’s best performing, highest-quality, and most respected industrial companies. Finally, on behalf of your Board of Directors and your management team, we thank you, our fellow shareholders, for your continued support. Sincerely,

E. Scott Santi 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
