Dear Fellow Stockholders:

In 2021, Lockheed Martin positioned itself for long-term leadership with our customers to address new threats by bringing 21st Century digital world technologies to foster rapid innovation in national defense, for driving digital transformation efficiencies throughout our own operations, and for opening up new opportunities for future growth to benefit our shareholders. Our work in 2021 built upon the vision we articulated in 2020 – a vision to transform the future of the defense enterprise. We made strides in forming strategic partnerships with commercial technology companies to harness their innovation for the benefit of our customers. In turn, we augmented the ability of our four business areas to deliver networked and interoperable solutions. And throughout the year, we showed the power and potential of One Lockheed Martin in numerous multi-domain customer demonstrations and exercises. In addition, we continued to fulfill our goal to modernize and streamline our operations by incorporating new digital tools and processes into every aspect of our products’ lifecycles – enhancing our speed, agility, insights, and competitiveness. We took strategic actions to prioritize value creation for our stockholders. The central tenet of our value creation strategy is using a disciplined and dynamic capital allocation process. This includes reinvesting in our business to meet our customers’ needs and to drive organic growth as demonstrated by $1.5 billion in capital expenditures and $1.5 billion of independent research and development spending in 2021. We expanded our commitment to return cash to stockholders, demonstrated by our increased dividend payout and share repurchase program. Thanks to our team members’ dedication and resilience in 2021, Lockheed Martin produced world-class products and services across our business areas – from rotary- and fixed-wing aircraft to precision fires, integrated air and missile defense systems, radars, surveillance and reconnaissance, and state-of-the-art spacecraft. We drew upon the breadth and depth of Lockheed Martin’s industry-leading portfolio of interoperable platforms and systems to enable customers’ Joint All-Domain Operations. And we also delivered more customer capabilities through our integration of emerging technologies such as autonomy, artificial intelligence, and directed energy. In the pages that follow, you will find more detail on the financial, operational, and strategic successes our team delivered last year. Dear Fellow Stockholders: James D. Taiclet Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 

2021 FINANCIAL METRICS REFLECT SOLID PERFORMANCE 

In 2021, we delivered solid results across all our key financial metrics, including:

Sales of $67.0 billion, up 3% versus 2020 

Segment operating profit* of $7.4 billion, up 3% versus 2020

Segment margin* of 11.0%

Net earnings from continuing operations of approximately $6.3 billion, after a noncash pension settlement charge of $1.7 billion ($1.3 billion, or $4.72/share, after tax)

Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $22.76

Orders of $53.4 billion and a year-end backlog of $135.4 billion

We returned $7 billion to shareholders in the year paying cash dividends of $2.9 billion and increased the quarterly dividend by $0.20 per share, or approximately 8%, in the third quarter to $2.80 per share or $11.20 per share annually. We also made $4.1 billion in share repurchases. Like many other businesses in our industry and throughout the greater economy, supply chain disruptions – particularly during the second half of 2021 – adversely impacted our revenue. Our supply chain team worked quickly to assess the challenges and took swift actions to address them. As we have done since the first quarter of 2020, we accelerated payments to our suppliers, prioritizing small- and medium-sized businesses as well as large businesses that have been negatively affected by the pandemic. Given the continued stress on the supply chain and surging virus variants, we made a strategic decision to ramp up our accelerated payments in the fourth quarter to further mitigate risks. 

OPERATIONAL HIGHLIGHTS SHOW THE STRENGTH AND DIVERSITY OF OUR INDUSTRY-LEADING PORTFOLIO

From product deliveries, to successful tests, to new contract awards, each of Lockheed Martin’s four business areas achieved key milestones in 2021. 

Aeronautics Defines What’s Next in 21st-Century Airpower Innovation 

Lockheed Martin’s largest program, the F-35 Lighting II, matured and expanded around the globe with the delivery of 142 aircraft. The F-35 Joint Program Office awarded the Lockheed Martin industry team annualized contracts covering fiscal years 2021-2023 to support operations and sustainment of the global F-35 fleet, supporting mission readiness and further reducing costs. Denmark's first F-35 Lightning II production aircraft flew its inaugural flight and was delivered in a ceremony at Lockheed Martin’s Fort Worth, Texas, production facility. Switzerland and Finland selected the F-35 as their new fighter aircraft, joining several European nations in further strengthening global airpower and security. In August, the F-35C deployed operationally on an aircraft carrier for the first time when the U.S. Navy Strike Fighter Squadron 147 joined the Carrier Air Wing 2 aboard USS Carl Vinson. The resurgence of the F-16 program continued to materialize in 2021 with the arrival of the first aircraft in Greenville, South Carolina, as part of the $900 million indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity contract the company received in late 2020 to provide sustainment support and depot-overflow services for the fighter. After a nearly three-year effort, the F-22 program completed its Increment 3.2B Modernization (F-22 Inc 3.2B Mod), which included sensor upgrades, radar and avionics improvements, the integration of faster computer processors, and enhancements to weapons technology. The successful completion of F-22 Inc 3.2B Mod paves the way for upcoming modernization programs such as Raptor Release 1, which will significantly enhance the capabilities of the Raptor fleet to ensure it remains relevant, ready, and dominant. Indonesia became the 22nd country to select the C-130J Super Hercules to meet its tactical airlift needs by agreeing to acquire five C-130J-30 airlifters to complement the Indonesian Air Force’s existing C-130H fleet. We also revealed the LMXT as our offering for the U.S. Air Force’s KC-Y “Bridge Tanker” program. Designed to meet the Air Force’s immediate and long-term mission requirements, the LMXT would also be built and modified in the United States, creating American jobs and promoting economic growth. 

Missiles and Fire Control Delivers Precision Capabilities 

In 2021, we delivered Sweden’s first PAC-3 Missile Segment Enhancement (MSE) interceptors. The Netherlands also signed an agreement to join the program, becoming the 12th customer to acquire PAC-3 MSE. The reliability, readiness and interoperability of PAC-3 MSE were demonstrated during test flights where the missiles integrated with the U.S. Army Integrated Air and Missile Defense Battle Command System (IBCS) to intercept tactical ballistic missile threats over White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico. To meet demand for this vital technology, Lockheed Martin has produced over 1,000 PAC-3 MSE to date with plans to reach a production rate of 500 missiles per year by 2024. The Army renewed its commitment to the Guided Multiple Launch Rocket System (GMLRS) program by awarding us a $1.12 billion contract to build more than 9,000 additional rockets and associated equipment. The award follows another successful test of the next-generation, extended-range version of the system, known as ER GMLRS. The Precision Strike Missile (PrSM) program also achieved several milestones in 2021. It completed its fourth, fifth and sixth consecutive successful flight tests and exceeded its maximum range threshold. The U.S. Army awarded us a $444 million Engineering and Manufacturing Development (EMD) contract for the next phase of the program that will include system qualification and manufacturing readiness activities culminating in a fully qualified system. Additionally, the U.S. Army awarded a contract for 26 Early Operational Capability (EOC) missiles to be delivered in 2023. Rapid Dragon, a U.S. Air Force program to develop palletized munition concepts, continued to mature at lightning speed. Just 15 months after contract award, a live cruise missile was successfully deployed from an MC-130 aircraft during a livefire demonstration, showcasing Lockheed Martin’s ability to partner with our military customers to rapidly develop new capabilities. 

Rotary and Mission Systems Leverages Broad Spectrum of Advanced Solutions 

With a wide variety of platforms and systems that span nearly every domain, our Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS) business provided our customers with state-of-the-art capabilities in 2021. The CH-53K King Stallion heavy-lift helicopter continues to impress customers in the U.S. Marine Corps and in allied militaries. U.S. Naval Air Systems Command awarded us a contract for lowrate initial production (LRIP) Lot 5, which includes nine helicopters for a total of $878.7 million and reduces the per-aircraft price by more than 4% when compared to the Lot 4 contract. We also received long-lead funding for 19 aircraft for LRIP Lots 6 and 7. A significant milestone was reached in 2021 when the first production aircraft rolled off the line in Stratford, Connecticut. In addition, the Israeli Ministry of Defense became the first customer outside the U.S. to sign a letter of offer and acceptance to procure the CH-53K. In 2021, our company took another step forward in defining the future of vertical lift. We are proud of our work on the proposals submitted for the U.S. Army’s Future Long-Range Assault Aircraft (FLRAA) program. These proposals are the culmination of many years of hard work alongside our industry partners to provide soldiers with the speed, capability, and affordability they need in a nextgeneration helicopter. In addition to our successes with rotorcraft technologies, we also advanced our growth in spectrum warfare with a new franchise program win. The U.S. Army announced its selection of Lockheed Martin to advance to phase two of the Terrestrial Layer System – Brigade Combat Team (TLS – BCT) program. Designed for tactical vehicles, TLS will deliver an integrated suite of signals intelligence, electronic warfare, and cyberspace operations capabilities to enable the joint alldomain operations (JADO) capable force. RMS also had significant accomplishments in its efforts to provide customers with the radar systems and command and control capabilities needed to detect and defend against modern threats. The Sentinel A4 radar program delivered ahead of schedule, prompting the program office to grant us an accelerated contract award for the production for five additional radar systems. Sentinel A4 is a highperformance missile defense radar that will provide significant improvements to existing capability against cruise missiles, unmanned aerial systems, rotary-wing and fixed-wing threats. Following the Japanese government’s confirmation of our SPY-7 radar solution for the Aegis SystemEquipped Vessel (ASEV) on June 18, 2021, our Lockheed Martin team successfully demonstrated SPY-7’s capability to engage ballistic missile threats.

The Missile Defense Agency also awarded Lockheed Martin a $157 million contract to augment the Command, Control, Battle Management & Communications (C2BMC) system’s engagement support capability for the Ground-Based Midcourse Defense (GMD) system that protects the U.S. from long-range ballistic missile attacks. The Royal Australian Air Force announced it selected Lockheed Martin as one of two primes to participate in the next stage of the AIR6500 competitive evaluation process. AIR6500 is a 21stcentury joint air battle management system that will revolutionize the Australian Defence Force by connecting Australian systems and platforms that operate across air, space, land, sea, and cyber domains. 

Space Business Deters Global Threats and Enhances Our Understanding of the Universe 

The U.S. Missile Defense Agency awarded us a $3.7 billion contract to develop and demonstrate the Next Generation Interceptor (NGI) – America’s most advanced missile defense system. Just six months after the initial NGI development and demonstration contract award, the MDA approved our System Requirements Review, demonstrating that our company is ready to proceed with the initial system design. Our Space business continued to accelerate the development of hypersonic capabilities, which is a top priority for our customers as they seek to deter near-peer adversaries in an accelerating threat environment. The Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman team successfully conducted three live-fire propulsion tests in support of the U.S. Navy’s Conventional Prompt Strike (CPS) and U.S. Army’s Long Range Hypersonic Weapon (LRHW) programs. We also delivered critical ground equipment to the Army for the LRHW system including the battery operations center and four launchers. Following a successful launch, the U.S. Space Force took control of the fifth Space Based Infrared System Geosynchronous Earth Orbit (SBIRS GEO5) satellite. SBIRS GEO-5 is the first military space satellite built on the LM 2100 Combat Bus and the latest satellite to join the Space Force's orbiting Overhead Persistent Infrared missile warning constellation. Lockheed Martin also upheld its record of supporting every mission to Mars in NASA history when the Perseverance rover safely touched down on the surface of the Red Planet in 2021 to collect samples of rock and dirt that will be returned to Earth for study. The Lockheed Martin-built aeroshell protected the spacecraft from extreme heat and pressure upon entry into the Martian atmosphere, and our Mars Helicopter Delivery System also successfully transported and deployed Ingenuity – the first-ever helicopter to operate on Mars. In preparation for NASA’s Artemis missions to the moon, we announced a teaming agreement with General Motors to develop a Lunar Terrain Vehicle that will enable astronauts to explore the lunar surface farther than ever before. We will jointly develop a unique vehicle with innovative capabilities, drawing on our respective companies’ unparalleled engineering, performance, technology, and reliability legacies.

POSITIONING LOCKHEED MARTIN FOR THE FUTURE

Implementing Our Vision to Counter Threats with Advanced Networked Deterrence 

A key component of our vision is to create strategic arrangements with commercial companies and integrate their technologies into our platforms and systems. In 2021, we announced new partnerships with multiple leading companies in the area of 5G-supported communications. Lockheed Martin signed agreements with Verizon, Radisys, and Keysight Technologies, Inc., to collaborate on 5G.MIL® technologies to provide ultra-secure, reliable connections for U.S. Department of Defense systems, bringing together high-tech platforms into a cohesive network spanning air, land, sea, space, and cyber domains.





Creating a Competitive Advantage Through Integrated Solutions 

Throughout 2021, our business areas and programs came together as One Lockheed Martin to show our customers the interoperability of our products and how they can enable joint all-domain operations. In a test dubbed Project Hydra, Lockheed Martin Skunk Works®, the Missile Defense Agency and the U.S. Air Force successfully linked a U-2, five F-35s and an F-22 in air and provided real-time, 5th-generation data to operators on the ground, introducing greater mission flexibility across domains and an enhanced total operational picture for the joint warfighter. In a separate test at White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico, an inflight F-35 operated as an elevated sensor for a Patriot Advanced Capability-3 (PAC-3) missile to intercept a surrogate cruise missile threat. And during the Talisman Sabre military exercise by the United States and Australia, the F-35 Lightning II and the Virtual Aegis Weapon System demonstrated the ability to share real-time sensor data from Fort Worth, Texas, to Honolulu, Hawaii, and on to the Australian Defence Force. 

Harnessing Digital Transformation to Produce More Capable and Affordable Products 

Of our many digital transformation successes in 2021, the most prominent was the opening of three new advanced manufacturing facilities across the country:

The STAR (Spacecraft, Test, Assembly and Resource) Center in Titusville, Florida.

A new facility on our Skunk Works® campus in Palmdale, California.

And the MAB4 (Missile Assembly Building 4) in Courtland, Alabama. 

These “factories of the future” incorporate the Internet of Things to generate and leverage data that can be used to reduce cycle time and improve efficiency and quality throughout the lifecycle of our products, as well as robotics, smart torque tools, artificial intelligence, and augmented reality.

STAYING TRUE TO OUR VALUES IN A CHALLENGING BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT 

Despite the continued challenges presented by the effects of COVID-19 and the subsequent public health restrictions and economic impacts, the 114,000 team members performed with excellence and continued to push forward our customers’ critical readiness and modernization programs. Together in 2021, we contributed more than $32 million to non-profit organizations and academic institutions that make positive social impacts. This supported economic and mental well-being for veterans and their families, made communities more resilient to environmental and social harms, and helped us expand opportunities in science, technology, engineering and math for students and workers of every background. 

As a company, we will remember 2021 as a year of transformative action to position our business for growth.



James D. Taiclet

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
