FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS 2020 was a year marked by unprecedented challenges created by the global COVID-19 pandemic. We are proud that Reliance not only remained operational as an essential business but that despite considerable market turbulence, the outstanding execution by our dedicated employees enabled us to deliver a solid financial performance – including record gross profit margins. Company-wide, we executed on our tried-and-true business model: providing superior customer service, when-needed inventory management, strong pricing discipline, effective expense control, growth, and innovation. Every member of the Reliance Family of Companies made tremendous efforts to quickly and nimbly respond to the changing environment and ensure our customers were always taken care of. Most importantly, our employees took care of one another by adopting new COVID-19 safety protocols in the workplace, thereby maintaining an unwavering commitment to health and safety – our most important core value. Our solid 2020 results demonstrate both the resiliency of the long-term Reliance business model and our ability to execute in good times and bad. Our practice of serving a broad spectrum of end markets – including non-residential construction, automotive, heavy industry, aerospace, and energy – helps mitigate volatility in any single sector. In addition, our decentralized operating structure allows us to respond rapidly to fluid market conditions and demand trends. This strategic business design, combined with continuous improvements to our value-added processing capabilities and pricing discipline exercised by our field leadership, enabled Reliance to achieve a record annual gross profit margin (31.5%) for the second consecutive year, despite the extraordinarily unpredictable market conditions. In 2020, tons sold declined 10.8% compared to 2019 as a result of lower demand in nearly all of our end markets due to COVID-19 related customer shut-downs and project delays in the first half of the year. Additionally, our 2020 average selling price per ton sold was down 9.6% from 2019 as a result of declines in mill prices for most of the products we sell during the first nine months of the year. Despite these challenges, our record gross profit margin and effective expense control measures helped mitigate the decline in profitability as we generated non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $7.71 for the full year of 2020. The health, safety, and well-being of our employees is Reliance’s top priority. Since 2017, Reliance’s comprehensive, company-wide SMART Safety strategy has further fostered and deeply instilled a culture of safety across our entire Family of Companies. Working together to share lessons learned and best practices, our efforts culminated in 2020 as we recorded our safest year yet, including a 23% improvement in our safety incident rate compared to 2019. Reliance was also awarded the prestigious Safety Innovation and Improvement Award by the Metals Service Center Institute. We enhanced health and safety measures in response to the new and unique challenges presented by COVID-19. At the onset of the pandemic, we acted swiftly to reduce the spread of the virus: where possible, we promoted remote working arrangements; in operational warehouses, we implemented social distancing and staggered shifts, improved sanitation measures, and utilized contact tracing technology. To support our employees impacted by the virus, we provided temporary aid in the form of paid time away from work, expanded assistance under our Reliance Cares emergency fund, and extended healthcare benefits for a transitionary period to support impacted employees and their families. We also worked closely with our suppliers to maintain strong partnerships, and we engaged with and listened to our customers, adapting to address and support their needs. Many companies within the Reliance family also worked alongside customers on mission critical projects to aid in the COVID-19 response around the country. As was evident throughout the past year, our customers rely on Reliance to continue to support them through trying times – often in greater capacities and on a more frequent basis. In 2020, our average order size was $1,910 and approximately 40% of our orders were delivered within 24 hours. Operating with a decentralized structure allows us to concentrate on small orders: the majority of our customers purchase smaller quantities on a whenneeded basis and are generally less price sensitive than customers that place large volume orders with long lead times. Across the Reliance network of approximately 300 locations, our managers maintained a disciplined approach to pricing and focused on high quality, high margin business. Field leadership also leveraged opportunities to expand value-added processing capabilities in order to meet – and in many cases, exceed – our customers’ needs. Our value-added processing capabilities have increased in recent years – 49% of 2020 orders, compared to more historical levels of 40% – because of our significant investments in state-of-the-art equipment. Value-added processing services also help to stabilize our margins in challenging markets and were a key factor contributing to our record gross profit margin in 2020. Concurrent with our response to the coronavirus pandemic, Reliance concentrated not only on maintaining our secure financial position but improving it. We operated from a position of strength, reinforced by a strong balance sheet, an investment-grade credit rating, and enhanced liquidity due to significant cash generation coupled with effective working capital management. We achieved a Company-wide inventory turn goal of 4.7x based on tons thanks to our field leadership’s focus on right-sizing inventory to reflect current demand levels and taking advantage of crossselling inventory within our Family of Companies. Financing activities in the latter half of the year further increased our liquidity and improved our debt maturity profile. Currently, ample capital is available for borrowing on our $1.5 billion revolving credit facility. In addition, our highly variable cost structure provides financial flexibility, with approximately 65% of our selling, general, and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses being people-related. We reported an 11.5% year-over-year decline in samestore SG&A expenses in 2020, with approximately half of the decrease related to a 14% decline in our work force compared to the prior year. Difficult decisions regarding temporary and permanent employee reductions were made on a location-bylocation basis, which provided us flexibility to make additional changes as warranted. Thankfully, as the economy began to re-open late in the second quarter, we were pleased to bring many of our highly skilled employees back to work. Following a record year in 2019, we generated strong cash flow from operations of $1.17 billion in 2020 due to our continued profitable operations and effective working capital management. This countercyclical cash generation and strong financial position, enhanced by our 2020 financing activities, allowed us to continue supporting our customers and to remain flexible and opportunistic in executing our growth and stockholder return initiatives. In 2020, we invested $172 million in capital expenditures that included innovative equipment and advanced technology to improve safety in our operations, enhance working environments for our employees, and fund growth and innovation initiatives to better meet our customers’ needs. This includes the construction of two on-campus tolling operations: one location in Ghent, Kentucky opened in Q4 of 2020; another facility in Sinton, Texas was announced in October 2020. Our 2021 capital expenditure budget of $245 million supports the continued growth of our value-added processing capabilities as well as investments in facility upgrades and expansions. Although COVID-19 has slowed the pace of M&A activity, Reliance continues to see a healthy pipeline of potential acquisition candidates, especially as we have begun to broaden our view on prospective growth opportunities. As always, we evaluate opportunities based on a strict set of criteria to ensure a strong fit within our Family of Companies. Our two-fold growth strategy of leveraging capital expenditures to drive organic expansion, coupled with strategic acquisitions of well-managed metals service centers, continues to solidify our position as a leading diversified metal solutions provider in North America. Returning value to our stockholders through quarterly cash dividends and share repurchases remains core to our capital allocation philosophy. We have paid regular quarterly cash dividends for 61 consecutive years and have increased our dividend 28 times since our 1994 IPO, including our most recent increase of 10.0% to $0.6875 per share in the first quarter of 2021. In 2020, we repurchased $337.3 million of our common stock. These actions underscore our commitment to delivering value to our stockholders as well as ongoing confidence in our business model. We also remain committed to being a responsible corporate citizen as demonstrated in our Sustainability Mission Statement on page 7. Because of Reliance’s decentralized structure, succession plans are always in motion. 2021 started with a number of new leaders throughout our Family of Companies. Notable management changes also took place at Reliance Corporate. Consistent with our strategic executive succession plan, effective January 15, 2021, Karla Lewis was promoted to President and appointed to our Board of Directors. This new role recognizes Karla’s significant contributions and will broaden her knowledge of Reliance’s field operations and increase the diversity of her experience. Also in January, Arthur Ajemyan was promoted to Vice President, Chief Financial Officer. Over his 15-year tenure with Reliance, Arthur has held key roles in the corporate finance and accounting department with increased levels of responsibility. While the COVID-19 pandemic continues to impact the global economy, we are extremely proud to have successfully navigated the challenges that arose. Over the past year, we have adapted to operating more efficiently without sacrificing our competitive edge and the critical elements that make Reliance a trusted and reliable business partner. Having forged stronger bonds through these trying times, we believe that Reliance is emerging even stronger. We will maintain our focus on profitable growth opportunities to continue to enhance our valueadded processing, further diversify our products, end markets, and geographic footprint, and uphold our commitments to strong pricing discipline, diligent expense control, when-needed inventory management, organic growth, and innovation. Our strong balance sheet provides us with the ability to execute all four of our capital allocation strategies – long-term profitable business growth as well as returning value to our stockholders through continued dividend increases and share repurchases. Looking ahead, Reliance will continue to execute and improve upon our tried-and-true model that has led us to industry-leading results for many decades. We thank you, our investors, for your continued support of and commitment to Reliance.

JAMES D. HOFFMAN 

Chief Executive Officer
