The global aviation industry began to see signs of recovery in 2021 as COVID-19 vaccines became widely available and domestic air travel started to rebound in many regions. However, 2021 was still a challenging year for the industry and Spirit AeroSystems. The emergence of the Delta variant during the summer months and the Omicron variant at the end of the year suppressed early signs of full recovery, and introduced new uncertainty into the global air traffic outlook. During this challenging environment in 2021, we remained focused on keeping our employees safe and meeting customer commitments. We also made progress on three key priorities for Spirit: Diversifying the company’s revenues De-levering $1 billion in debt over three years Driving margins to a target of 16.5% DIVERSIFYING 2021 was a transformative year for Spirit as we accelerated our efforts to diversify the business. Our acquisition of assets from Bombardier gave us more Airbus work, including the entire integrated wing and center fuselage of the A220, more business jet work, increased aftermarket content, and more defense work. During the year, we substantially completed the integration of these new assets by closing the defined benefits pension plan and exiting the information technology transition services agreement with Bombardier six months early. We also enhanced our aftermarket capabilities and global reach with the acquisition of assets from Applied Aerodynamics, which gave us new repair capabilities for radomes and flight control surfaces. In addition, we completed a joint venture with Evergreen Aviation Technology Corporation in Taiwan to expand our offerings in Asia. Spirit also changed the way we report financial results externally to three new core segments – Commercial, Defense & Space, and Aftermarket. We started reporting financial results for these core segments beginning with our fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results. We also aligned our organization to those three new segments, appointing leaders for each business to focus on execution and growth. A number of key wins in each of our new businesses in 2021 highlighted the benefits from diversification. In Commercial, we won two new business jet programs, including the nacelle for the new Dassault Falcon 10X. We also began work with a new eVTOL provider with promising future potential. In Defense & Space, Spirit won a contract with the UK Ministry of Defence to build an uncrewed support aircraft demonstrator referred to as Project Mosquito. Also, we were able to repurpose some of our excess commercial widebody capacity to win several new classified programs with U.S. defense customers. The number of defense programs awarded to Spirit with greater than $1 million in revenue has grown from one such program in 2016 to 24 programs today. Our manufacturing footprint devoted to defense related work currently occupies 500,000 square feet, which we expect to grow to 1 million square feet over the next two years. In 2021, NASA also selected Spirit, through our FMI subsidiary, to support several deep space exploration programs, including a mission to Saturn’s largest moon – Titan. In Aftermarket, we announced a ten-year agreement with SF Airlines to perform modification work on the airline’s 757 cargo fleet. Also, Spirit won important new contracts directly with major airlines. In 2021, approximately 79% of our revenue was from our Commercial business, 15% from Defense & Space, and 6% from Aftermarket. In the future, our aspiration is that our revenue will be 40%-40%-20% respectively across those three segments. DE-LEVERING We will also continue to evaluate options to retire a total of $1 billion of debt and debt-like liabilities over the threeyear period ending in 2023. To date, we have made good progress to de-lever starting with paying off $300 million in floating rate notes in February 2020. In 2021, we refinanced our Term Loan B to secure a lower rate and upsized the loan to give us flexibility to pay off higher cost obligations. We remain committed to regaining our investment grade credit rating as production rates continue to recover. DRIVING MARGIN During 2021, we also invested in many projects that will drive operational efficiency and improved quality. These investments included many initiatives that will help Spirit emerge a stronger company as the industry recovers. Collectively, the actions listed below represented an investment of more than $200 million over the past two years. Improved the layout of our Plant 2 facility where we integrate the 737 MAX fuselages by shifting major sections, including the forward fuselage and the center wing box, to other buildings at our Wichita campus and to major suppliers, which enabled a leaner production flow in the facility Implemented digital workflow tools to track the flow of parts and optimize labor assignments in several manufacturing areas Deployed digital visual work instructions to help mechanics build every part to engineering drawings and accelerate reduction of the learning curve Launched an automated floor beam assembly line to manufacture the more than 400 different configurations of floor beams required for the 737 MAX Opened a Global Digital Logistics Center to manage more than 90,000 unique parts and more than 8,000 custom kits sent to the factory floor every day Began production of spoilers on the A320 wing on a state-of-the-art, highly automated, resin transfer molding production line at our Prestwick facility We also continued to invest in innovation to help secure a place on the next generation of aircraft. In Prestwick, Scotland, we formally opened our Aerospace Innovation Centre. This center of excellence will support collaboration between industry and academia on development of advanced materials, digital engineering and processes. In the U.S., we opened the National Defense Prototype Center in partnership with Wichita State University’s National Institute for Aviation Research. Our innovation also extended to work with OEM customers as we leveraged research and technology investment to make Spirit the partner of choice for our customers. With Lockheed Martin, we unveiled Polaris – a digital engineering and advanced assembly demonstrator. Our commitment to innovation and partnerships was also highlighted in the publication of Spirit’s first sustainability report – First Flight. The report fits with our company value around transparency by highlighting Spirit’s efforts to use sustainable practices in its operations and our contributions to a more sustainable aviation industry. We are proud to report that our entire 12 million square foot Wichita facility has converted to 100% wind power. Our facilities in Tulsa, Oklahoma and Prestwick, Scotland are also 100% powered by renewable energy. PREPARING FOR RECOVERY During 2021, airlines began to return the 737 MAX to service as global regulatory authorities cleared the airplane to fly again, which was a significant milestone for the industry. This led to a gradual ramp up of 737 MAX production over the course of the year, putting us on a path for increased narrowbody airplane production rates as demand for air travel recovers in the years ahead. Spirit’s backlog remains at $35 billion, even after the impact from the pandemic, and 85% of this backlog is narrowbody aircraft. As domestic travel recovers and increases the demand for newer, fuel efficient aircraft, Spirit will be in a strong position to help meet this demand. During the pandemic, we actively engaged with our suppliers to help them remain healthy and ready to meet the increasing production rates as air traffic recovers. During the last two years, we provided assistance to over 600 different suppliers in the way of contract extensions, inventory purchases, and raw material purchases which totaled more than $2.3 billion. Spirit was also a leader with the Aerospace Industry Association, as well as other aviation manufacturers and industry associations, to advocate for the passage of the Aviation Manufacturing Jobs Protection program to support recovery for the industry from the pandemic. The program ultimately provided 593 aviation manufacturers in the US with $673 million in grants that supported 31,000 jobs. The program had bi-partisan and bi-cameral support having been introduced by Senators Moran and Cantwell, and Congressmen Estes and Larsen. Spirit received a grant of $75 million from this program. LOOKING AHEAD TO 2022 As we look back to 2021, it was our talented and capable team at Spirit who led the way through the unprecedented challenges that have confronted our company recently. Thanks to them, Spirit will emerge a stronger and better company, well positioned to remain a leader in the global aerospace and defense industry in the decades to come. Also, we named three new members to the company’s Board of Directors – Bill Fitzgerald, Pat Shanahan, and James Ray – who add tremendous aerospace and defense industry experience, as well as functional expertise to our business. At the same time, two Board members who have been with Spirit for many years – Chuck Chadwell and Dick Gephardt – will not be standing for re-election at our 2022 Annual Meeting. Both of these long-serving Board members made innumerable contributions to Spirit over the years, and we are grateful for their many years of energetic service. Following the challenges of 2021, we look to 2022 as a year we bridge to recovery. While the pandemic persists and the recovery in air travel is uneven, we believe Spirit is well positioned for the future.

Thomas C. Gentile III 

President and CEO
