On behalf of everyone at Steel Dynamics, I thank our loyal customers, vendors, communities and shareholders for their continued support of our company. My heartfelt thanks to our extraordinary team members for your passion, innovation and dedication to excellence. The entire Steel Dynamics team delivered an outstanding performance during 2021. Our strategic growth and market positioning over the last several years were integral to our performance. We achieved numerous milestones and performed at the top of our industry both operationally and financially. On almost every measure, our 2021 performance was a record year. Our steel and steel fabrication operations achieved record product pricing and demand, increasing 2021 revenues to a record $18.4 billion. Each of our three primary operating platforms achieved record annual earnings, resulting in record consolidated operating income of $4.3 billion and record net income of $3.2 billion. We generated record cash flow from operations of $2.2 billion and record EBITDA of $4.6 billion during 2021. We ended 2021 with strong liquidity of $2.4 billion, while at the same time meaningfully growing our business through significant organic growth investments, maintaining a positive cash dividend profile and executing on our share repurchase program. We have a firm foundation for our continued long-term, strategic growth and ongoing value creation. Our performance is a testament to the passion, commitment and spirit of excellence that drives our teams. Across the company, our teams achieved best in-class performance, while maintaining a focus to keep each other healthy and safe. I am proud to work alongside each of them. OUR RESOURCES Our commitment to all aspects of sustainability is embedded in our founding principles—valuing our people, our partners, our communities and our environment. These strategic principles drive long-term value creation for all of us. The health and safety of our people is our number one value and primary focus. Nothing surpasses the importance of each individual team member. Safety is an integral part of our culture, and we must collectively ensure every person is personally engaged in sustaining a safe workplace for themselves, their team members and their families. We are also committed to operating our business in an environmentally responsible manner and have been since our founding. We only use electric arc furnace (EAF) technology—which emits a fraction of the greenhouse gases (GHG) and uses a fraction of the energy of traditional steelmaking. We have always been, and continue to be, a leader in the production of sustainable, lowercarbon emission steel products. We encourage the use of new technologies and processes to reduce our impact on the environment, including a strategic focus on carbon emissions mitigation with a goal for our steel mills to be carbon neutral by 2050. Our sustainability strategy is an ongoing journey, and we plan to use our entrepreneurial, innovative spirit to continue to be a leader in the industry. OUR OPERATIONS Our performance was outstanding on a number of key measures, including operating margin, EBITDA margin, return on invested capital and for our steel operations, profitability per steel ton shipped. Our entrepreneurial culture is at the core of our success and is driven by our extensive performance-based compensation philosophy for those on the plant floor through those in senior leadership. Team members are passionate about delivering quality products and excellent service to our customers. Our common goal of consistently achieving excellence in all we do is reflected in the esprit de corps that permeates our company. Whether implementing innovative technology in our manufacturing processes or ensuring we consistently exceed customer expectations, our teams vigorously pursue excellence. STEEL Our steel operations achieved record annual 2021 steel shipments of 11.2 million tons. The domestic steel industry benefited from a steady improvement in underlying steel demand and lower finished steel imports, as economies around the world recovered from the lower pandemicrelated activity. Coupled with our own strategic growth initiatives, we increased profit margins and volume during the year, resulting in record steel operating income of $4.4 billion, far surpassing the $1.9 billion previous record in 2018. Our steel mills operated at 91% of production capability, compared to the domestic steel industry, which operated at only 81%. We consistently realize higher production utilization than our peers, as a result of our diversified product portfolio and end markets, emphasis on higher value-added steels, unique supply-chain offerings, consistent customer focus and vertically connected businesses. STEEL FABRICATION Our steel fabrication operations achieved record annual shipments and operating income, as non-residential construction demand continued to improve during 2021. The team maintained a strong market position, as a result of superior customer service, a national geographic service capability and a highly engineered complementary product mix. Operating income for our steel fabrication platform increased to a record $365 million in 2021—an amazing performance in a rising steel cost environment. The circular connection between our steel and steel fabrication operations provides a natural hedge in periods of declining steel pricing. METALS RECYCLING Our metals recycling platform also had an outstanding performance, as they continued to work synergistically with our steel mills to ensure the supply of low-cost, high-quality raw materials, internally supplying 3.6 million tons (or 42% of our needs) of ferrous material in 2021. Supported by improved domestic steel production, the team achieved record 2021 operating income of $182 million. CURRENT KEY STRATEGIC GROWTH INITIATIVES We continue to position our company for the future through optimization of existing operations, organic investments and transactional growth. During 2021, we executed several key initiatives to support our strategic growth and profitability strategies. › We are excited about our 3.0-million-ton Southwest-Sinton Flat Roll Division (Sinton Steel Mill), which currently includes a galvanizing line (with Galvalume® capability) and a paint line, with plans to add two additional lines. The stateof-the-art facility is designed to have product capabilities beyond that of any existing EAF flat roll steel producers, competing even more effectively with the blast furnace steel model and foreign competition, expanding our presence in the southwest United States and Mexican steel markets and providing differentiated products and supply-chain solutions. We are excited about the transformational growth and long-term value creation that our Sinton Steel Mill represents. › In 2021, we also announced plans to construct four additional value-added flat roll coating lines, comprised of two new paint lines and two new galvanizing lines with Galvalume® coating capability. Our unique value-added coated supplychain strategy has resulted in our existing lines consistently running at or near capacity. Our existing customers are anxiously awaiting product availability from our new lines. One galvanizing line and one paint line will be located onsite at our new Sinton Steel Mill—while the other two lines will be placed at our Heartland Flat Roll Division located in Terre Haute, Indiana. Each site will have the added benefit of 540,000 tons of annual value-added coating capability to further support our regional flat roll steel operations. We currently believe these lines will begin operating mid-2023. IGNITING OUR FUTURE As we enter 2022, we remain confident that market conditions are in place to benefit domestic steel consumption. We believe that there will be continued growth in our end markets. More specifically with our expansion initiatives, we believe there are firm drivers for our continued growth in 2022. We are excited about the startup of our Sinton Steel Mill, and the anticipated longterm value creation it will bring through geographic and value-added product diversification, and new customer supply-chain benefits. We remain the lowest-cost domestic steel producer with one of the most diversified product offerings in the industry. The variability within our operating costs provides strong cash flow generation through all market cycles. We are poised for growth. We assess opportunities for growth, not only for the benefit of top line revenue improvement, but more importantly, for consistency and improvement of bottom line earnings. We are squarely focused on returning value to our teams, customers and shareholders through highreturn organic and inorganic transactional initiatives, while also maintaining a positive dividend profile and continuing to execute our share repurchase program. The passion and spirit of our teams compel us to a standard of excellence—to perform at the highest level. I thank each and every one of them for their passion and dedication, and remind them safety is our primary focus and core value. 

Sincerely,

Mark D. Millett 

Co-Founder, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
