Waste Management, Inc. is a holding company, and all operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. Our subsidiaries are operated and managed locally and focus on providing services in distinct geographic areas. Through our subsidiaries, we are North America’s leading provider of comprehensive waste management environmental services, providing services throughout the United States (“U.S.”) and Canada, and we are also a leading developer, operator and owner of landfill gas-to-energy facilities in the U.S. Our Board of Directors is soliciting your proxy for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and at any postponement or adjournment of the meeting. We are furnishing proxy materials to our stockholders primarily via the Internet. On March 31, 2021, we sent an electronic notice of how to access our proxy materials and our Annual Report to stockholders that have previously signed up to receive their proxy materials via the Internet. On March 31, 2021, we began mailing a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials to those stockholders that previously have not signed up for electronic delivery. The Notice contains instructions on how stockholders can access our proxy materials on the website referred to in the Notice or request that a printed set of the proxy materials be sent to them. Enroll in Electronic Delivery Today! We encourage stockholders to elect to receive all future proxy materials electronically, which is free, fast, convenient, environmentally friendly and helps lowers our printing and postage costs. If you are a beneficial owner, visit http://www.proxyvote.com or follow the instructions on your Notice, proxy card or voting instructions. All stockholders may also enroll at https://enroll.icsdelivery.com/wmi. Thank you for supporting our sustainability mission. Record Date March 17, 2021. Quorum The holders of a majority of the shares of Common Stock outstanding on the record date must be present in person or by proxy. Shares Outstanding There were 422,040,583 shares of our Common Stock outstanding and entitled to vote as of March 17, 2021. Attending the Meeting Due to on-going public health concerns related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we will be holding a virtual Annual Meeting. If you were a stockholder of record as of the close of business on the record date or held shares through a bank, broker, or nominee on that date, you are entitled to access and participate in the virtual Annual Meeting, including asking questions, examining the list of registered stockholders and voting shares. To attend the virtual Annual Meeting, you must use the link provided and enter the 16-digit control number found on your Notice, proxy card, or voting instructions. If you do not have your 16-digit control number, you will be admitted to the virtual Annual Meeting as a guest, but you will not have the ability to vote your shares or ask questions at the virtual Annual Meeting. If you are a beneficial owner, you may contact the bank, broker or other institution where you hold your account if you have questions about obtaining your control number. We encourage you to access the virtual Annual Meeting before it begins. Online check-in will start approximately fifteen minutes before the meeting on May 11, 2021. If you have difficulty accessing the meeting, a phone number for technical support will be available at the virtual Annual Meeting web address on the day of the meeting. Virtual Annual Meeting Web Address www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WM2021 Submitting Your Proxy Internet, phone, or mail. Voting and Asking Questions at the Meeting Stockholders can vote and ask questions during the virtual Annual Meeting by following the instructions available on the meeting website during the meeting. Questions relevant to the business of the Company or the Annual Meeting may be submitted in a field provided by the virtual meeting platform. An audio recording of the virtual Annual Meeting, including the question and answer segment, will be available on the “Investors” webpage at www.wm.com after the meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted at the Annual Meeting. Please read the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and this Proxy Statement with care and follow the voting instructions to ensure that your shares are represented at the Annual Meeting. Changing Your Vote Stockholders of record may revoke their proxy at any time before we vote it at the meeting by submitting a later-dated proxy via the Internet, by telephone, by mail, by delivering instructions to our Corporate Secretary before the Annual Meeting revoking the proxy or by voting during the virtual Annual Meeting. Attendance at the Annual Meeting, by itself, will not revoke a proxy. If you hold shares through a bank or brokerage firm, you may revoke any prior voting instructions by contacting that firm. Votes Required to Adopt Proposals Each share of our Common Stock outstanding on the record date is entitled to one vote on each of the nine director nominees and one vote on each other matter. To be elected, a director must receive a majority of the votes cast with respect to that director’s election at the meeting. This means that the number of shares voted “for” a director must exceed 50% of the votes cast with respect to that director. Each of the other proposals requires the favorable vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common Stock present, either by proxy or in person, and entitled to vote on the matter. Effect of Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes Abstentions will have no effect on the election of directors. For each of the other proposals, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against these matters because they are considered present and entitled to vote on the matters. If your shares are held by a broker, you may submit your voting instructions to the broker as to how you want your shares to be voted. If you give the broker instructions, your shares must be voted as you direct. If you do not give voting instructions for the proposal to ratify selection of the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, the broker may vote your shares at its discretion. However, with respect to the election of directors and the advisory vote on executive compensation, the broker cannot vote your shares without instructions from you; when this happens, it is called a “broker non-vote.” Broker non-votes are counted in determining the presence of a quorum at the meeting, but they have no effect on the outcome of the vote on the election of directors or the advisory vote on executive compensation. Voting Instructions You may receive more than one proxy card depending on how you hold your shares. If you hold shares through a broker, your ability to submit your voting instructions by phone or over the Internet depends on your broker’s voting process. You should complete and return each proxy or other voting instruction request provided to you. If you complete and submit your proxy voting instructions, the persons named as proxies will follow your instructions. If you submit your proxy but do not give voting instructions, we will vote your shares in accordance with the recommendation of the Board on each of the proposals as set forth below. If you give us your proxy, your shares will be voted at the discretion of the proxy holders on any other matters that may properly come before the meeting. Stockholder Proposals and Nominees for the 2022 Annual Meeting The Company will not consider any proposal or nomination that is not timely or otherwise does not meet the Company’s By-law and Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) requirements for submitting a proposal or nomination. We also ask that you email a courtesy copy of any notice to GCLegal@wm.com. A copy of our By-laws may be obtained free of charge by writing to our Corporate Secretary and is available in the “ESG — Corporate Governance” section of the “Investors” page on our website at www.wm.com. Stockholder Proposals: Eligible stockholders who wish to submit a proposal for inclusion in the proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) for our 2022 Annual Meeting must submit their proposal to our Corporate Secretary at Waste Management, Inc., 800 Capitol Street, Suite 3000, Houston, Texas 77002 for receipt on or before November 29, 2021. The proponent and the proposal must comply with the requirements set forth in the federal securities laws, including Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, in order to be included in the Company’s proxy statement and proxy card for the 2021 Annual Meeting. Advance Notice Proposals and Nominations: In addition, the Company’s By-laws establish advance notice procedures that must be complied with for stockholders to bring proposals that are not included in the Company’s proxy materials and nominations of persons for election as directors (other than pursuant to our proxy access By-law discussed below) before an annual meeting of stockholders. In accordance with our By-laws, for a proposal or nominee not included in our proxy materials to be properly brought before the 2022 Annual Meeting, a stockholder’s notice must be delivered to our Corporate Secretary at Waste Management, Inc., 800 Capitol Street, Suite 3000, Houston, Texas 77002 no earlier than December 12, 2021 and no later than January 11, 2022 and must contain the information specified in the Company’s By-laws. Proxy Access Nominations: The Company’s By-laws permit a stockholder or group of up to 20 stockholders owning 3% or more of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the Company’s proxy materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of 20% of the Board of Directors or two individuals, provided the stockholder(s) and the nominee(s) satisfy the requirements specified in the Company’s By-laws. Notice of proxy access director nominees must be delivered to our Corporate Secretary at Waste Management, Inc., 800 Capitol Street, Suite 3000, Houston, Texas 77002 no earlier than October 30, 2021, and no later than November 29, 2021, together with other information required by the Company’s By-laws. Expenses of Solicitation We pay the cost of preparing, assembling and mailing this proxy-soliciting material. In addition to the use of the mail, proxies may be solicited personally, by Internet or telephone, or by Waste Management officers and employees of the Company’s subsidiaries without additional compensation. We pay all costs of solicitation, including certain expenses of brokers and nominees who mail proxy materials to their customers or principals. Also, Innisfree M&A Incorporated has been hired to help in the solicitation of proxies for the 2021 Annual Meeting for a fee of $15,000 plus associated costs and expenses. Annual Report A copy of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, which includes our financial statements for fiscal year 2020, is included with this Proxy Statement. The Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated by reference into this Proxy Statement or deemed to be a part of the materials for the solicitation of proxies. Householding Information We have adopted a procedure approved by the SEC called “householding.” Under this procedure, stockholders of record who have the same address and last name and do not participate in electronic delivery of proxy materials will receive only one copy of the Proxy Statement and Annual Report unless we are notified that one or more of these individuals wishes to receive separate copies. This procedure helps reduce our printing costs and postage fees. If you wish to receive a separate copy of this Proxy Statement and the Annual Report, please contact: Waste Management, Inc., Corporate Secretary, 800 Capitol Street, Suite 3000, Houston, Texas 77002, telephone 713-512-6200. If you do not wish to participate in householding in the future and prefer to receive separate copies of the proxy materials, please contact: Broadridge Financial Solutions, Attention Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone 1-866-540-7095. If you are currently receiving multiple copies of proxy materials and wish to receive only one copy for your household, please contact Broadridge.
