Dear Shareholders,

Westlake’s focus on operational excellence, cost management and prudent investments proved to be an advantage as our markets dealt with the macroeconomic trade uncertainty throughout 2019 that slowed global industrial activity and drove prices lower for our products. In spite of these trade uncertainties in 2019, Westlake achieved record annual sales volumes. We also took steps to optimize our production while increasing our product integration, lowering our costs and improving our global competitive position. We believe the international trade agreements between the United States and its major trading partners that were signed in the first quarter of 2020 are positive developments for long-term global demand. 

Our investments in 2019 broadened our market position and increased our product integration as we invested for the future and pursued targeted growth opportunities. We began the year by completing the acquisition of Nakan, a global vinyl compounding business, and in June acquired DaVinci Roofscapes, which expanded our line of building products for residential and commercial construction in North America. In the fourth quarter of 2019, we completed polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and vinyl chloride monomer (VCM) expansions in Germany and the United States and increased our ownership in a joint venture ethylene cracker in Lake Charles, Louisiana to approximately 47 percent. These investments made solid contributions to our performance in 2019, as we remained focused on driving long-term profitable growth and creating value for our shareholders. Net income for the year was $421 million, or $3.25 per share, on revenue of $8.1 billion. Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) were $1.4 billion and cash flow from operations totaled $1.3 billion. Capital expenditures for 2019 were $787 million. As of December 31, 2019, cash and cash equivalents were $728 million and longterm debt was $3.4 billion, with our nearest maturity of $250 million not due till 2022 and no meaningful maturities due until 2026. Our longstanding belief in delivering sustainable value also encompasses our commitment to corporate social responsibility. Westlake products enhance the lives of people every day and our sustainability efforts align with and support many of the United Nations’ 17 Sustainable Development goals. Westlake is also active in a wide number of organizations seeking to drive sustainable action such as Materials Recovery for the Future, which aims to improve the recycling of flexible packaging waste, and the Alliance to End Plastic Waste, which seeks to eliminate plastic waste in the environment, especially the oceans. In early 2020, Mr. Max L. Lukens notified the board that he intends to retire when his term expires this year. Mr. Lukens has been a member of our board since we took the company public in 2004, and has served as a director of the general partner of our master limited partnership, Westlake Chemical Partners, since it was formed in 2014. On behalf of our employees and shareholders, we would like to extend our sincere gratitude to Max. We are most appreciative of the guidance and direction he has provided over these many years. Continuing the first order of business established by our father, we place an emphasis on safety in the workplace every day. We strive for our employees to leave the workplace as healthy and well as when they started their day and remain focused on the safety of our employees while providing profitable growth and long-term sustainable value for our shareholders. The coronavirus pandemic that developed in early 2020 brings new challenges to us all, but together we will weather this storm. We remain grateful to our shareholders, our employees and the many stakeholders who contribute year after year to Westlake’s continued success.

Albert Chao President and Chief Executive Officer
