Based on key financial measures, in 2021, Advance delivered one of the strongest years since becoming a public company in 2002. At a time when we prioritized the health, safety and wellbeing of our team members and customers, we not only survived a difficult year, but we thrived within it. We provided an essential service for our customers and ensured motorists had the right part at the right time to get back on the road safely. Through it all, we remained dedicated to the execution of our strategy and maintained an unwavering commitment to our mission: Passion for Customers...Passion for Yes! This resulted in a year for the record books. We delivered record comparable sales growth of 10.7%, a record $11 billion in topline sales and a record $12.02 adjusted diluted earnings per share(2). We also returned a record $1 billion in cash to shareholders through share repurchases and quarterly cash dividends. At our investor meeting in April of 2021, we outlined our multiyear plan to drive Total Shareholder Return (TSR). Our goal is to deliver Top Quartile TSR from 2021-2023 within the S&P 500. We’re pleased to report that we delivered against this objective in 2021, landing in the 84th percentile of the S&P 500. We achieved this result with a focus on four primary “TSR Drivers.” BUILD AN OWNERSHIP CULTURE In 2016, we faced extremely high turnover and a culture accustomed to missing objectives. We needed change and far more ownership and accountability of results at all levels of the company. We decided to make a multiyear investment in our frontline team in terms of compensation and benefits as well as in diversity, equity and inclusion (“DEI”). Over the past few years we made substantial investments in wages, benefits and in our differentiated Fuel the Frontline Stock Ownership Program. In Fuel the Frontline alone, we’ve now invested over $60 million in over 24,000 individual grants directed at our frontline team members. This has substantially reduced our turnover by helping us attract and retain the very best parts people in the industry. Separately, we invested over $90 million cumulatively in 2020 and 2021 to help ensure the health, safety and wellbeing of our team members and customers in the face of a global pandemic. Finally, we made progress within DEI, increasing representation of women and people of color while creating a more equitable and inclusive culture. When we say, “Empower our people because they are our best part,” we mean it. We fundamentally believe that when we take care of our team members, they in turn will take care of our customers, and when that happens, it will drive TSR. This is borne out by the many letters, phone calls and emails I receive from grateful customers that speak volumes about the ways in which our team members effectively serve others. Here’s a quick example. Two public school teachers were on a road trip when their truck wouldn’t start. After getting a jump start from another park visitor, they arrived at the Advance Auto Parts store in Erwin, Tennessee, where a team member named Charlie immediately checked their battery and cleaned their battery terminals – free of charge, helping them get back on the road quickly and safely. These customers wrote me a letter and said, “Charlie was our savior. He exhibited all the qualities of a great teacher: patience, good listening skills and the ability to use language a student could understand.” While there are many things that are rewarding about being CEO of AAP, few things are more gratifying than hearing customers share positive stories like this one about their experiences with our team members. I get more and more of these messages as we get better and better at serving our customers. This is also supported by data. Despite the global pandemic, our Net Promoter Score remained positive throughout the year, reaching our highest-ever score in December 2021. GROW FASTER THAN THE MARKET Throughout the year, we made significant enhancements to address changes in how our customers prefer to shop to drive growth. We leveraged our diverse asset base to enhance our competitive advantage behind strategic investments in both digital and physical assets. In our professional business, we continued to provide leadership for our major customers, securing several big wins behind the power of DieHard®, Carquest® and our industry-leading assortment of national, original equipment and owned brands. We also provided training and customized solutions for our customers enabling personalized service models. In DIY Omnichannel, we continued to promote the availability of our Advance Same Day® suite of services, which is a point of differentiation for our company, and provides free curbside pick-up or free home delivery in three hours or less for most parts. We also increased personalization in our Speed Perks loyalty program, which helped us grow our number of ELITE members, representing the highest tier of customer spend, by 21%, driving share of wallet. The recent launch of Speed Perks “Gas Rewards” represents another reward benefit and an example of how we plan to continue these customer-centric initiatives in the year ahead. With four straight years of positive comp sales behind us and a strengthened customer value proposition, we are now back in new store growth mode. In 2021, we opened 31 new corporate stores, 8 Worldpac branches and 75 new Carquest Independent locations. Most of these new stores are in previously underrepresented markets, and we anticipate opening 125-150 new stores and branches in 2022. CAPITALIZING ON A UNIQUE MARGIN OPPORTUNITY In 2021, we delivered 159 basis points in adjusted operating income margin expansion (4) , one of the highest increases in broader retail and the highest in our industry. This was made possible by key initiatives implemented in the areas of category management, supply chain, sales and profit per store, and SG&A. Margin expansion is also about caring for our customers by offering differentiated owned brands they can trust and count on. Last year we were pleased to report that DieHard crossed the $1 billion sales mark in its second year of distribution. Building strong owned brands is a key element of our category management strategy to drive margins and enable both differentiation and pricing power. Advance is now home to two billion-dollar owned brands – Carquest and DieHard, and both continue to expand into new categories. In a year where the global supply chain made headlines, we continued to streamline our supply chain, leveraging this cost base on a full year basis. We also completed cross-banner replenishment to help ensure freight logical availability of parts, regardless of banner, and we continued to make progress against the other supply chain initiatives outlined earlier in the year. The last year also saw improved sales and profit per store with sales per store crossing $1.8 million dollars for the first time. Despite all of the progress we made, we continue to have an opportunity to further increase margins as outlined last April. SIGNIFICANT RETURN OF CASH TO SHAREHOLDERS We remain confident in our ability to generate cash from the business and are committed to returning meaningful cash to our shareholders. During the year, we once again increased our shareholder dividend from $0.25 per share per quarter to $1.00 per share per quarter. In 2021, we returned over $1 billion of cash through a combination of share repurchases and cash dividends representing over 125% of free cash flow returned to our shareholders using cash generated from our business and cash on hand. Returning cash to our shareholders in a disciplined and consistent manner remains a key pillar in achieving our goals of top quartile TSR. LOOKING FORWARD TO THE ROAD AHEAD As we look ahead, we believe the prospects for our industry and Advance remain very bright. We believe fundamental industry drivers of demand remain positive and throughout the pandemic, we have been positioning Advance for long-term success. As we look to the future, we remain steadfast in executing against the priorities we outlined in our April 2021 investor presentation to deliver top quartile TSR. This includes continued topline growth and margin expansion and returning significant cash back to shareholders. It also includes building on our ownership culture, which we know is essential to the long-term health of the company. Importantly, we remained committed to our Environmental Sustainability, Social Responsibility and Governance, or ESG, agenda and conducted a robust materiality assessment to help further sharpen our ESG focus. As part of our Social Responsibility agenda, we continue to give back to the communities where we live and serve. This includes our annual American Heart Association fundraising campaign, which netted a record $1.7 million in 2021, and once again made Advance one of the American Heart Association’s largest corporate fundraisers. And through our reimagined Advance Auto Parts Foundation, we gifted hundreds of thousands of dollars to support nonprofits in the areas of military veteran needs, health and wellness, and education/job readiness. You can read more about these initiatives in our upcoming Corporate Sustainability and Social Impact Report. I’m so excited about the company we are building and what’s to come in the years ahead. We believe the industry is poised for continued growth and we look forward to building on our positive momentum in 2022. As President Abraham Lincoln famously said, “the best way to predict the future is to create it.” That’s an apt quote in our uncertain times, but one thing is clear: The work we did this past year is building a better, stronger Advance for our team members and customers, and an Advance that continues to deliver value to our shareholders. Thank you for your continued support.

Tom Greco 

President and Chief Executive Officer
