Celebrating Alaska Airlines’ 90th anniversary this year, we have reflected on the resilience and drive of all those who came before us and enabled our journey and incredible growth to this point. If you look at our DNA, you will find disciplined attention to costs, operational excellence, innovation, and the most caring employees in the industry. These qualities have helped us overcome challenging circumstances many times, and I have full confidence that we will continue to do so and to capitalize on profitable growth in the next leg of our journey. Delivering for everyone who depends on us is not only our past it’s also our future. Recovery from the pandemic has not been linear, but in 2021, Alaska’s business began to recover robustly as vaccine access expanded. Even as the emergence of new variants temporarily constrained bookings, we navigated the turbulence and established a track record of outperforming the industry. That outperformance extends from our people to our financials. The care that makes Alaska Airlines and Horizon Air employees special are reflected in their actions to keep each other and our guests safe while still delivering exceptional service on the phone, at the airport, and on board. As we continue to recover in 2022, we’ll stay focused on guest safety, strong operations, and delivering genuine care to guests that make them feel at home when traveling with us. Our financial performance significantly improved in 2021 over 2020, the first year of the pandemic and we ended 2021 at the top of the industry. As pandemic impacts remained, particularly the ups and downs of new variants, we lost $343 million in 2021 on a 70% recovery in revenue over 2019 levels. The third quarter was a significant turning point, as we recorded our first quarterly profit since the pandemic began and led the industry with a 12% adjusted pre-tax margin1. We are proud that our adjusted pre-tax result topped the industry through the second half of 2021, illustrating that our disciplined return of capacity and focus on costs has been the right decision for our airlines. And we intend to deliver continued outperformance in 2022. With regard to our balance sheet, we further fortified our position without diluting shareholders by issuing equity, differentiating ourselves from peers. In a period marked by increasing debt across our industry, we ended the year with adjusted net debt 40%2 below 2019 levels, and a debt-to-cap ratio of 49%, placing us within our targeted leverage range. Our fortress balance sheet deepens our competitive advantage, allowing us to grow from a position of strength as the recovery continues. We have learned in the last two years that we cannot anticipate every development in the world around us, but we can stay nimble in our response. So while uncertainties remain in Russia and Ukraine, fuel prices continue to soar, inflation pressures mount and the pandemic recovery continues, we are shifting our focus to executing our strategy for long-term outperformance and growth. At our Investor Day held in March this year, we laid out our plans for the next few years, including for significant growth where we see profitable opportunities. We also introduced our Owner’s Manual, our core business and financial management principles and long-term goals that guide us. The strategic decisions we executed over the past year joining oneworld, establishing our West Coast International Alliance with American Airlines, and ramping up and expanding our transition to single fleets across both our mainline and regional operations enhance our competitive advantages and set us up to continue producing sustained, profitable results. With our aircraft order and pivot to growth in 2022 and beyond, we are focused on both sustainable growth from a financial standpoint, and our impacts on people and the climate. These new aircraft are significantly more fuel-efficient than those they replace, but we know we must do more to reflect our values and to continue creating an airline people love. That’s why in 2021 we announced short-term goals for efficiency and carbonneutral growth, and a five-part path to reach net zero carbon emissions by 2040. Initial progress on these and other sustainability goals will be included in our 2021 ESG & Sustainability report. Finally, as part of a long-planned transition, our former CEO and current Board Chair, Brad Tilden, will step away from his current position after the Annual Meeting. We are thrilled to have Patricia Bedient as our new Board Chair. Patty is an 18-year board member for Alaska Air Group, with extensive financial and strategic expertise and deep understanding of our business and values. Patty will be Alaska Air Group’s first female Board Chair. We’ve always believed that at its core, the airline business is a people business. We are here today because of our amazing employees, the loyalty of our guests and communities, and the confidence of our investors. We won’t waver in our commitment to each of you as our stakeholders, and we will remain nimble in executing our strategy to create long-term value while adapting to short-term changes in the environment. Thank you for your support, and for your investment in Alaska Air Group.

Benito Minicucci

President and CEO, Alaska Air Group
