To Our Shareholders, 

Fiscal 2020 was a year like no other, and I am thankful for our associates’ unwavering commitment to take care of our customers, our communities and each other throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. They stepped up when our communities closed down and made sure that our neighbors had food and continued access to our pharmacies. Our hearts go out to all of those directly impacted by the virus. Last year was also a period of social unrest underpinned by racial tension. I am proud of our teams for taking a stand on the values we hold dear as a company. It is important to us that we push for progress by promoting inclusiveness. At the same time, fiscal 2020 was a year of transformation at Albertsons Companies that will better position the company for growth. We deepened our customer relationships, enhanced our digital capabilities, made significant progress towards achieving our productivity targets, and strengthened a culture focused on being locally great and nationally strong. It was also a year of strong performance. Our full year results reached record levels with ID sales up 16.9%, total sales of $70 billion, Adjusted EBITDA of over $4.5 billion, and Adjusted EPS of $3.24. Our digital sales grew 258% during the year, as our improved capabilities enabled us to meet growing customer demand. Consistent execution against our four strategic priorities drove our results: 1) accelerating growth through in-store, digital, and omni-channel initiatives, 2) driving productivity, 3) modernizing our technology, and 4) strengthening our talent and culture. 

Accelerating Growth 

In-Store Excellence 

Our associates stepped up to provide our customers a safe and friendly one-stop shopping experience, supported by our abundant fresh and Own Brands assortment. As customers were eating more at home, we were able to meet increasing demand with the quality and breadth of our fresh offering. We also added 1,200 new items to our Own Brands portfolio to meet our customers’ needs, offering a range of products from attractive opening price points to truly unique, high-quality items. Even in the face of COVID-19 restrictions, we completed 409 store remodels designed to enhance the shopping experience and opened nine new stores. 

Digital and Omni-channel Capabilities 

As some of our customers changed the way they shopped in response to the pandemic, Albertsons Companies quickly adapted to the increasing preference for digital engagement. Our enhanced loyalty program was a strong driver of growth, allowing us to provide personalized offers and drive repeat shopping occasions. Membership in our Just for U® loyalty program grew more than 20% year-over-year, reaching 25.4 million members.

Digital sales were also a key growth driver for us. During the year, we invested over $300 million to accelerate our offerings and launch new capabilities in this area. As a result of this investment and the hard work of our customer and digital team, we enhanced our digital interfaces for online ordering, improved on-time tilling to 95%, with home delivery reaching 90% of our customer base, and we expanded to 1,420 Drive Up and Go locations.

Driving Productivity 

Our teams also delivered on our productivity initiatives to allow us to reinvest in the business, help offset inflation, and drive earnings growth. During the year, we achieved approximately $500 million in gross productivity savings in areas such as indirect spend, labor productivity, and shrink reduction. Productivity is a continuous process, and over the course of the year we identified new opportunities that allowed us to raise our three-year target by 50% to $1.5 billion by the end of fiscal 2022. The additional productivity is from existing and new projects in supply chain and cost of goods. 

Modernizing Technology 

Technology underpins everything we do. Building on our common technology platform, we elevated our omni-channel customer experience with the launch of a unified mobile application, digital wallet, AI chat capability, and expanded self-checkout installations. We improved productivity with machine learning and automation in demand forecasting and replenishment, promotion optimization, eCommerce operations and the application of robotics across our company. We have continued to aggressively invest to modernize our technology infrastructure, moving to the public cloud and enhancing our data science capabilities. This is increasingly positioning us as a more agile and innovative company ready to respond to business opportunities with differentiated capabilities. 

Strengthening Talent and Culture 

As I mentioned, our accomplishments would not have been possible without the support and dedication of what I consider the best team in the business. We have added talent to Albertsons Companies throughout the year, especially to our digital, loyalty, data and technical teams which drove our rapid advancements in these areas. We are committed to equality and are driven by our guiding principle to be a diverse and inclusive team, and we are proud that we have increased our diverse representation at all levels of the company.

We also continued to take steps to ensure we are contributing positively to our communities. During fiscal 2020, we made $260 million in food and charitable donations. This included approximately $95 million contributed through our Albertsons Foundation Nourishing Neighbors Program, reaching 13 million individuals and over 3,000 organizations. In addition, our pharmacy teams supported the national COVID-19 vaccination effort, administering over 5 million doses in partnership with the Department of Health and Human Services and local authorities. We are elevating our ESG agenda and completed a new materiality assessment, which will be the foundation for our strategy and initiatives going forward. In doing so, we have identified high-priority areas most critical and relevant to our customers, investors, suppliers, and internal stakeholders. We also recently announced our commitment to setting a science-based target to reduce carbon emissions and are currently developing in-depth plans and look forward to sharing them in the near future. 

Final Thoughts 

Faced with a once-in-a-lifetime global health crisis, Albertsons Companies rose to the challenge, adapted to market dynamics, accelerated our transformation and met the needs of our customers, communities and associates. We are more digitally focused both in-store and online and are elevating the experience that our customers expect, while also driving greater productivity and delivering profitable growth for all stakeholders. As we enter fiscal year 2021, we are emerging from the crisis as a stronger company and better positioned than ever for the future. I would like to close by thanking all 300,000 associates for their outstanding commitment to our customers, communities, and each other throughout the year, and for their continued dedication to our company. 



Yours truly,

Vivek Sankaran

President & CEO
