Dear Fellow Shareholders, 

In 2021, Bath & Body Works made incredible progress across the company to build on our already strong foundation, ensuring our brand and business remain healthy and relevant well into the future. In the past year, we successfully completed the spin-off of Victoria’s Secret and the launch of Bath & Body Works as a standalone public company, which has positioned us for sustainable, long-term success. In addition, the company has continued to prosper despite the ongoing challenges of COVID-19 and its impacts on our industry, delivering robust results each quarter, with full-year 2021 revenues of $7.9 billion, representing a 22% year-over-year increase. We ended the year with nearly $2 billion in cash and a debt leverage ratio of 2.3, in line with our mid-2s target. In 2021, we repurchased nearly $2 billion of our stock, and we continued our commitment to return value to shareholders in February 2022 with the Board authorizing an additional $1.5 billion share repurchase program and increasing our annual dividend by 33% to $0.80 per share. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow generation will enable us to continue to invest in the business to generate growth … through compelling product development, new off-mall stores, enhanced capabilities to support growth in our direct channel, growth outside of North America through our international franchised stores and potential acquisition opportunities. I am so proud of the collective efforts of the Bath & Body Works team, without which the separation and our continued success could not have been possible. The Bath & Body Works purpose goes beyond selling product, and our team has executed by focusing on our core values of starting with the customer, embracing diversity, working with passion and holding ourselves to the highest standards. These will 

continue to be our guide as the company serves our customers and supports our communities. We have substantially refreshed our Board of Directors in the last two years with the addition of Francis Hondal, Danielle Lee and J.K. Symancyk in 2021, and Alessandro Bogliolo and Juan Rajlin this year. Strong governance and leadership are critical to the long-term success of any company, and they each bring a wealth of expertise to Bath & Body Works, ensuring we have a diverse and qualified board with 

the skillsets and backgrounds to drive long-term value for shareholders. We are proud of the diversity represented by the director nominees for our 2022 Annual Meeting – out of our nine director nominees, four are women, two are African American, two are Hispanic and two are International. As we announced in February, Andrew Meslow, our CEO, has made the decision to step down from his role at Bath & Body Works to focus on his health, effective May 12, 2022. In the time that I have known Andrew, I have been impressed by his drive for continuous improvement, his commitment to delivering excellence for our customers and his compassion for his colleagues. His vision, guidance and commitment to building a strong culture have positioned Bath & Body Works as an industry leader. On a personal level, I am grateful for the incredible partnership he and I have shared over the last two years and would like to thank him for his nearly two decades of service to Bath & Body Works. Upon Andrew’s departure in May, I will assume the role of Interim CEO and, alongside the Board, will lead the search for Bath & Body Works’ next leader. Since we announced this news in February, the Board has retained a national search firm to help identify Andrew’s successor. In addition to the executive search, the Board will continue to prioritize the business’s strategic growth and disciplined capital allocation strategy, as well as our ESG goals and initiatives, including our positive momentum related to diversity, equity and inclusion. As we look to the year ahead, the Board and management team remain confident in our collective ability to continue leveraging our strong brand positioning, executing with excellence and delivering sustainable growth and shareholder value creation. 

Thank you for your continued support. 

Sincerely,



Sarah E. Nash 

Executive Chair and Incoming Interim CEO
