to our shareholders: In a year dominated by one issue above all else, we start by reflecting on how the COVID-19 pandemic shaped our Company. We took actions that we never could have imagined – closing the vast majority of our stores, placing so many of our people on furlough, and reinventing and adapting service models overnight. In our communities and amongst our own, so many families have lost loved ones, suffered ill health and had their lives turned upside down. Throughout this time, we prioritized the health and well-being of our associate teams, customers and communities and we are so proud of how our people came together to deliver for one another and the millions of people who count on us. From introducing comprehensive new safety plans across our operations and stores, to our work to support communities in need through our Bringing Home Everywhere donation program, we came together to deliver when people needed it most. We will build on this work with a comprehensive ESG strategy that embeds action into our transformation plans in support of our People, Communities and Planet. Building a strong foundation for the future Our homes are the epicenter of our lives and, during these unusual times, we have stayed true to our purpose – to make it easy to feel at home with Bed Bath & Beyond. We have continued our efforts to rebuild the foundations of this iconic business we call home. We established an entirely new leadership team, with world class retail and digital experience, which helped design and shape the growth strategy that will define our future. These leaders are relentlessly focused on taking measured, purposeful steps needed to transform our Company. Our board of directors was highly engaged in governance and oversight of the Company’s response to COVID-19 and with the formation and progress of its transformation strategy. 2020 was a pivotal year for Bed Bath & Beyond and a year of fast-paced transformation in which we addressed the past, overcame extraordinary circumstances of the present and established a firm foundation for the Company’s future. We substantially improved our financial position through prudent cash management, financial remodeling and streamlining our portfolio — releasing capital from non-core assets and restructuring our debt. Importantly, we returned to positive comparable sales and adjusted EBITDA margin growth in the second quarter, after four years of declines. We continued this positive momentum throughout the rest of the year and are now in a significantly stronger financial position. The capital unlocked from non-core assets enabled us to invest to fuel growth and support our customers and our people. Investing in our omni-always strategy Our most consequential investments were deployed in executing our new digital-first, omni-always strategy, providing our customers with safe, easy and convenient services that make it easier than ever to shop with us. New options like BOPIS, Curbside Pickup, Same Day Delivery and over a hundred meaningful improvements to our digital experience enabled us to surpass $3 billion in digital sales. We saw more than 1 billion visits to our websites and increased our online conversion rate by 30 percent. Truly remarkable. Unlocking the potential of Bed Bath & Beyond As we enter our 50th year, we will continue to be customer-inspired in everything we do, building authority in our core Home, Baby, Beauty and Wellness markets with new omni-always services, launching at least eight Owned Brands, reimagined stores and so much more. We believe our plans will unlock growth, deliver sustainable shareholder value, enable associates to contribute to their full potential, and help our customers to Home, Happier. In light of public health considerations, this year we are again offering shareholders the opportunity to virtually attend our Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Whether or not you expect to attend, your vote is very important and we ask that you cast your vote regardless of the number of shares you hold. We look forward to discussing our plans for the Company’s future at the Annual Meeting.

Mark J. Tritton 

President and Chief Executive Officer
