Dear Stockholders, 2020 was a transformational year for BJ’s Wholesale Club. As we navigated through the many challenges brought on by the pandemic, this year unveiled the strength of our team. I couldn’t be more thankful and proud of our team’s dedication and their unwavering focus on serving our members. From our clubs and distribution centers to our home office, we executed at the highest levels and that hard work enabled usto deliver extraordinary results, transform our business and accelerate our long-term strategic priorities. We delivered remarkable and industry-leading results with comparable sales growth of more than 20%. Furthermore, our earnings for the year more than doubled and we achieved record cash flow growth. In addition to these extraordinary results, we made transformational progress on each of our strategic priorities, specifically growing and retaining our membership, delivering value with merchandising, improving convenience with digital and strategically expanding our footprint. Growing and retaining our members We ended 2020 with more than six million members, nearly 20% more than the number of members we had at the time of our IPO. Not only is the quantity of members higher but the quality of the membership has improved as well. Our tenured member renewal rate of 88% is at an all-time high, 31% of our members are in higher membership tiers, and EZ renewal is now at 70%. Best of all, across our member cohorts, we saw elevated shopping levels including larger baskets and increased trips. Delivering value with merchandising and marketing In 2020, our merchants continued their work of improving our assortment. We gained market share across all categories and regions. We made significant progress on longer-term simplification and expansion into new, high-demand categories, and we expanded our services offerings to further elevate the value of a BJ’s membership. We will continue to enter new categories and services to power the next wave of growth and grow share. Improving convenience with digital Our digital business growth exceeded our high expectations and is now close to six times the size it was at the time of our IPO. Our digital business is more relevant than it has ever been and digital engagement among our members is evident through the increased use of our app. App downloads exceeded five million and 30% of our members regularly use our app. We expanded our digital fulfillment options in 2020 with the addition of curbside pickup and the expansion of buy online, pick up in-club (BOPIC) to include fresh and frozen items. We’ve seen tremendous adoption of these options and, in the fourth quarter, more than 50% of our BOPIC orders were delivered curbside. Expanding our footprint We have strengthened our real estate pipeline considerably, which enables us to accelerate the pace of new club openings. After opening four clubs in 2020, we plan to open as many as six in 2021 and we see a path to ten more in 2022. This progress is bolstered by the performance of our newest clubs, where we are gaining market share and driving membership growth. We believe we have cracked the code on successfully opening new clubs and will invest aggressively to grow share in an expanded market. 2 Looking ahead This year, we transformed our business by every measure. We feel great about our position and growth potential for the following key reasons: • We expect at-home food consumption will reset at a higher level and economic uncertainty has heightened consumers’ focus on value. • We have a loyal, growing and higher-quality membership base that has changed their shopping behaviors to our benefit. • We will continue to upgrade our assortment, particularly in services, general merchandise and own brands, to power the next wave of growth and grow share of wallet with members. • Importantly, we have a relevant and growing digital business with industry-leading levels of engagement and advantaged economics. • We expect dramatically higher unit growth rates as we push toward more than ten units per year, allowing us to tap into a considerably expanded addressable market and grow share. • Finally, we have a transformed balance sheet with a significantly lower leverage, which affords us tremendous flexibility to invest in our business and return capital to stockholders. While a return towards normal may temporarily cloud the picture in the near-term, we expect membership trends and our progress on our real estate pipeline to power an enhanced long-term outlook. Sustainability, diversity and our communities Despite the challenging environment, we launched our first corporate sustainability website in April 2020, which highlights efforts related to team members, communities, operations and merchandising. We are focused on incorporating sustainable and environmentally conscious practices into our business while delivering on our mission to provide unbeatable value to our members on quality products. Our team members enable our success as a company and embracing an inclusive and diverse culture is one our key commitments. We firmly believe that we are better off when all people are heard, included and empowered. We’re proud of our commitment and strive to have a workforce that reflects the communities in which we operate. To help further our efforts, we created an Inclusion and Diversity (I&D) Council, sponsored by executive leaders, to drive inclusion and diversity through various initiatives. A deep commitment to our communities is part of our heritage. The BJ’s Charitable Foundation is focused on nourishing communities and helping families thrive. In fiscal 2020, we donated close to 12 million pounds of food, including fresh meat, produce, dairy and bakery items, or approximately 10 million meals to Feeding America member food banks throughout our footprint. We’re proud of the positive difference we make in our communities and look forward to continuing this work in the years to come. In closing, I am honored to lead BJ’s Wholesale Club. This past year has, in many ways, been the most challenging and transformational year in our Company’s history. 2021 continues the challenging trend, particularly with the unexpected passing of our friend and former leader Lee Delaney, but we continue to focus on performing at the highest levels. As we navigate through this tough time, we will work together to execute on the strategic priorities that powered our growth with the support of a strong and strategic leadership team that has deep industry knowledge. I look forward to working with the team to drive our strategy forward, serve our members and honor Lee’s legacy. Best regards,

Bob Eddy 

President and Chief Executive Officer
