Dear Fellow Stockholder

Without doubt, 2020 was the worst year for the travel industry in the modern era. Little did we know when we first heard the news of a novel coronavirus in early January how much our world would be disrupted, the jobs that would disappear and the millions of lives that would be lost. Through the hardships of 2020, our employees worked tirelessly, transitioning rapidly to work from home. Our customer service teams managed huge call volumes in the spring supporting our customers and accommodations partners to process the influx of changes and cancellations as governments shut down travel. In these early days of the crisis, we took necessary actions, from cutting costs to raising over $4 billion of capital, to help ensure that we would operate effectively even in the worst potential scenarios. We were navigating uncharted territory that required swift decision making, all while ensuring that the health and safety of our employees, customers and partners remained our top priority. Unfortunately, while necessary, these efforts were not sufficient. As the pandemic’s impact continued throughout the year, we realized further action was needed to optimize the business for the decrease in travel demand. As such, we made the incredibly difficult decision to restructure, resulting in an approximately 23% reduction in our workforce, including through attrition, primarily in the areas that are directly connected to business volume. This was a decision no business ever wants to make, but unfortunately, a decision so many in our industry had to make. Amidst the uncertainty, we choose to be optimistic. Our business has withstood the test of time over the last two decades. From 9/11, to SARS, to the global 2008/2009 recession - history has served as a model to help us plan for the future. In my letter to you last year, I stated that I believed that the COVID-19 pandemic would impact global travel more than each of those historical events combined - and it did. Yet, with any challenge and crisis comes learnings, and over the course of a challenging year for our business, what we learned will continue to inform our thinking as we define our path forward. First and foremost, the pandemic taught us all that we cannot take for granted the opportunity to experience the world. Last year served as a stark portrayal of what a future without travel would look like, reiterating our belief that we need to do our part to protect the world for future generations to experience. We were very pleased to reach the important milestone in 2020 of becoming operationally carbon neutral as a company, but the COVID-19 pandemic further highlights the need to look at ways we, and the industry, can do even more. The pandemic also reminded us of the need for innovation - from the historic development of vaccines that will hopefully bring us back to a pre-Covid world to the technology that supported remote working. For ourselves, we are pleased at how fast we were able to step up our innovative efforts. This included new self-service tools that enabled customers to easily make changes or cancel bookings using our apps during the worst of the crisis; repurposing our OpenTable reservation platform software so retail stores could manage demand and maintain customer safety limits; and quickly enabling properties to load COVID-related safety content. We relied on innovation to make sure we were supporting our customers and partners. While 2020 was consumed by navigating our business and our employees through the crisis, we still made progress in a number of key areas that will be critical for our long-term success. We continued to build out our integrated payment platform at Booking.com, which provides payment options favored by both travelers and our partners across hotels, alternative accommodations, cars, flight and attractions. We also made progress on our Connected Trip vision, increasing our consumer offerings across flights, ground transportation and attractions in certain regions. There is a lot more work for us to do, but we are building towards this vision because we believe that our efforts to create a seamless, connected experience across all parts of travel will drive increased loyalty, frequency and value. Despite the unprecedented impact the pandemic had on our business, travelers booked 355 million room nights through our platforms in 2020, and we were able to lose out the year with profits, generating approximately $59 million of net income and $879 million in Adjusted EBITDA. Producing these results in an incredibly challenging environment is a testament to the relentless efforts and passion of our employees to deliver the best value and service to our customers and partners. See Appendix A for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP financial information. Travel will eventually rebound and in some parts of the world we are already seeing the green shoots of recovery. We know it will eventually come back stronger than it was before, but we have a long journey to get to that day. As we move forward, we are so thankful to everyone who has helped us get to where we are now: the scientists and pharmaceutical companies who developed these modern miracle vaccines that each day bring us closer to a return to normal, the doctors, nurses and all the other healthcare workers who risked their lives to save others, and every other front-line worker who helped get us through 2020. I, personally, want to thank our employees for their enormous contributions in 2020, the customers that trust us to deliver a great experience every day and be there to help when issues arise, the thousands of partners worldwide that supply the great experiences and expect us to help them recover, and for the continued support of our stockholders. I am very hopeful for a brighter future.

Sincerely,

Glenn D. Fogel 

President and Chief Executive Officer
