Dear Campbell Shareholders, For more than 150 years, Campbell has connected people through food they love. While the global health crisis has been tragic and disruptive for so many, the need for connection has never been as foundationally important. Consumers turn to Campbell for delicious, affordable food and beverages. I’m proud of the lasting connections we continue to make for our consumers, our customers and our communities, and how this creates value for our shareholders. As we move beyond this tumultuous time, we are a stronger, more focused company. In fiscal 2021, we continued to adapt and evolve in a dynamic environment while we advanced our strategic plan. In the first part of the fiscal year, as the pandemic posed many challenges across North America, our employees—particularly our front-line and supply chain teams—continued to rally to meet the elevated demand for our products and support the communities we call home. We prioritized safety with enhanced protocols across the company that were clearly communicated and regularly updated following the guidance of public health experts. Our people are Campbell’s greatest strength and competitive advantage—they drive our success—and we are deeply grateful for their dedication. Despite the unprecedented challenges of the operating environment, we made significant progress. We posted strong growth across all key operating metrics in the first half of the fiscal year while continuing to invest in our brands. We attracted and retained millions of new households with the most notable increase coming from younger consumers. Reflecting the sustained relevance of our brands, our in-market performance was strong, with high single-digit consumption growth for the total company, as well as for U.S. soup and our Snacks power brands3 . Additionally, we increased household penetration4 and consumption3 across our Meals & Beverages division, including condensed soups, ready-to-serve soups and broth, as well as in Prego pasta sauces and V8 beverages. We made thoughtful decisions on promotions, and we flexed our supply chain capabilities as retailers rebuilt inventory levels after the initial COVID-19 surge. In the second half of the fiscal year, we began to cycle our historic results from the prior year, amid intense market volatility and sustained labor scarcity. At the same time, we navigated the pressures of a significant transformation agenda, especially in our Snacks division. While we anticipated the vast majority of these factors, the transitional costs associated with navigating the COVID-19 environment, coupled with inflation, required that we take additional actions through pricing and cost productivity initiatives. I am pleased with how we responded. As difficult and complex as this time has been, it has also been an extraordinary period for Campbell, and we have made clear, meaningful progress advancing our strategic plan. For the full year, I am pleased to report that Campbell’s organic net sales were comparable to fiscal 2020 and grew 3% on a two-year compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) basis driven by both divisions1 , reflecting strong in-market performance. In fact, three-quarters of our portfolio grew or held market share for the year2 , reflecting our continued momentum. Even more compelling is our performance relative to pre-pandemic levels, where most brands in our core categories grew at higher rates2 . Adjusted EBIT lagged fiscal 2020 as we lapped dramatic scale and efficiency from a year ago and navigated a much higher inflationary environment this year. However, on a two-year CAGR, adjusted EBIT grew 5%1 and adjusted EPS from continuing operations grew 14%1 , as we delevered and improved our balance sheet. We held or expanded share growth across most key categories2 , which was particularly strong given the unprecedented results in the prior year and the ongoing disruption stemming from the pandemic. Importantly, on a two-year basis, consumption grew 10% driven equally by strength in both our Meals & Beverages and Snacks divisions2 . We finished the year with a strong balance sheet, a lower leverage ratio and cash flow from operations of $1 billion. Strong, Healthy Brands Throughout the last year, we connected people through food they love—offering comfort, quality, convenience and value. In a volatile and unpredictable world, our brands continued to play a meaningful role in the way people eat. Campbell’s brands play an important part of the meals and snacks enjoyed every day across North America. Breakfasts often start with Pepperidge Farm breads, and kids of all ages hope to find Goldfish crackers in their lunches. Grilled cheese sandwiches and Campbell’s Tomato Soup are the classic lunch combo. Campbell’s condensed cooking soups, Swanson and Pacific Foods broths are used to create memorable family dinners. Friends reach for Kettle Brand chips or Snyder’s of Hanover pretzels while watching their favorite games. Kids snack on Lance crackers in the dugout during Little League, and of course moms enjoy a Milano moment. Clearly, we have a unique and differentiated portfolio filled with iconic, fabric-of-the-nation brands that consumers love. While it is important to reflect on the toll the past 18 months has had on people around the world, we also need to recognize the many positive moments. Our collective sense of community is stronger than ever, with people going above and beyond in countless ways, and we have a renewed commitment to inclusion and diversity, ensuring we all are given the same opportunities to be safe, heard and valued. For our business, it created a once-in-a-generation moment, where millions of new households discovered our products and many others rediscovered familiar favorites. The extraordinary rate of trial served as an accelerant to our strategy to build relevance, attract and retain lapsed consumers and connect with younger households. We are confident that many of the new behaviors adopted by consumers during the last year will continue, and our focus has turned to building on this success with relevant, delicious food and experiences. We remain confident in our strategy, mission and goals, and with strong underlying fundamentals, we are focused on execution while applying our learnings from this experience. Our confidence in our strategic plan is further strengthened by our continued in-market momentum and the structural health of our business. The progress we are making on our categories and brands, as well as the positive indicators that we are seeing from consumers and customers, increases our conviction in the long-term potential of our business. Our Performance-driven Culture During the complex and volatile fiscal 2021 business environment, we asked a great deal from our employees, and they delivered. The care and character that has always been part of our DNA was on display every day, and I witnessed a renewed spirit of collaboration, competitiveness and creativity from our people, backed by our focused strategy and highly engaged leadership team. During the last year, we have been laying the groundwork for the next chapter of sustained growth. To accelerate the positive changes underway, we refreshed our purpose and mission and introduced a new set of values, “The 5Cs of Campbell,” to guide our behaviors as we build a winning team and culture. Our new mission declares our intent to unlock our full growth potential. This mission applies as much to our business performance as it does to our people and signals that driving growth is deeply rooted in how we manage the company. We will achieve our mission by living our purpose and values—they are our north star and, together with our strategic plan, they will guide our future. I look forward to seeing this come to life as we create new working models across the company in our field operations and our offices. While our teams have performed extremely well during this unprecedented period, we are all looking forward to the next chapter. I believe that being together in our offices, easing protocols in our plants and engaging with our colleagues, customers and suppliers in the safest possible ways is important for our business. Those in-person interactions are critical to help shape our culture, build camaraderie and collaboration, and ultimately fuel performance in a consistent and sustainable manner. I am confident that we will unlock Campbell’s full growth potential, deliver on the promise of our purpose and drive growth for our shareholders.

Mark Clouse

President and Chief Executive Officer
