Dear Fellow Shareholders, A year ago, most of us couldn’t envision how these past twelve months would unfold. What has stood out to me is the strength, resiliency, and the way in which we have worked to take care of each other through these unprecedented times. While this year was the most difficult operating environment we have ever seen, it also made clear that all the work we have done to achieve the digital transformation of our business has placed CarMax in an incredibly strong position. We are seeing the benefitsthese investments are generating and are excited about the opportunities ahead of us. I am very proud of how our 27,000 associates supported each other, our customers, and our communities throughout this past year, demonstrating once again that our people are key to our success. They repeatedly rose to the occasion to deliver exceptional experiences for our customers and meet the needs of our business, while innovating for the future. It is a testament to the strength of our culture and the hard work of our associates at every level that we were recognized for the 17th consecutive year as one of FORTUNE Magazine’s 100 Best Companies to Work For®. We are also proud that this year we further advanced our longstanding commitment to diversity and inclusion. It is our vision that everyone, everywhere has the same opportunity to reach their full potential. Well before the COVID-19 pandemic began, we started on a journey to create a seamless, world-class online and in-store experience for consumers through our omni-channel strategy. This strategy leverages many of our core strengths, including our differentiated scale, proprietary tech stack, extensive data assets, and our skilled and knowledgeable associates. This unmatched omni-channel experience supports CarMax’s leadership position as the largest and most customer-centric retailer of used autos. At the start of fiscal 2021, the pandemic posed significant challenges to our business. Shelter-in-place orders and occupancy restrictions limited operating capacity at our stores and put pressure on sales. However, it also validated our digital transformation and gave us a unique opportunity to accelerate our pace of innovation. During this time, we unveiled several notable tech-driven offerings for consumers, including expanding and enhancing our online shopping capabilities to include a brand-new option for contactless, curbside pickup. We also moved our entire wholesale auction business to virtual over the span of just a couple of weeks. Then, in August, we completed the national rollout of our omni-channel platform. This was a significant milestone for our entire organization. In the remainder of the fiscal year, we continued to enhance our customer experience through new offerings, such as online instant appraisals. We also reiterated our customer-centric approach by introducing the Love Your Car Guarantee, an industry-leading signature customer offering, and extending our Money Back Guarantee to 30 days, which is unmatched in the auto industry. We will continue to evolve our business as an omni-channel retailer by innovating at an accelerated pace, leveraging our scale across technology, data, talent and physical assets to unlock opportunities to compete across the used auto ecosystem. A great example of this is our planned acquisition of Edmunds, which expands our reach and brings us closer to a broader set of consumers and dealers. We are confident this investment will serve as a springboard for many new initiatives in the highly fragmented used auto ecosystem. Our transformative investments over the past several years have put CarMax in the best position to win now and in the future. And, while we have undergone a massive transformation, two things that will not change are: (1) our purpose: to drive integrity by being honest and transparent in every interaction; and, (2) our core values that inform everything we do: do the right thing, put people first, win together and go for greatness. This year has certainly proven, yet again, the strength and the resilience of CarMax. I am incredibly proud of our accomplishments and learnings, and focused on the tremendous opportunities ahead for us. Thank you to our customers, communities and shareholders for your continued confidence in CarMax’s bright future. To our associates, you are CarMax’s true differentiator and competitive advantage. I am honored to be a part of this team. I know this past year was a challenging time for all of us, but we have come through it better and stronger than ever. Thank you for your unwavering dedication to our values and all that you do.

Bill Nash 

President and Chief Executive Officer
