TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS Here for guests. Here for communities. Here for Good. This year, Casey’s delivered on its purpose more than ever. The global pandemic has impacted our business throughout the past 12 months. Our company proved to be essential and resilient, and Casey’s led the way with our dedicated team and commitment to our strategic plan. The disruptions brought on by the pandemic made clear the critical importance of remaining focused on delivering value and achieving the strategic three-year vision we introduced at our Investor Day in January 2020. I couldn’t be more grateful for the dedication of over 37,000 team members who served in our over 2,200 stores, worked in our distribution centers and created new ways to win every day with our guests. Their commitment to Casey’s, and tenacity in the face of adversity, is truly inspiring. We would not be where we are today without them. As a result, I am pleased to mark that Casey’s financial performance was the strongest in our 53-year history. We finished the year on track with our long-term financial objectives and recently completed the largest acquisition in our company’s history. We closed the fiscal year with EBITDA of $719 million and diluted earnings per share of $8.38, both record results. As we navigated the many challenges thrown at us this past year, we stood fast in our commitment to preserve financial flexibility, while still pursuing growth opportunities. Although fuel volumes remained depressed, and the pandemic put pressure on in-store traffic, our team persevered – innovating, pivoting and outperforming – in key areas of the business. From using real-time data to drive optimal fuel decisions … to executing a store reset to deliver our merchandising strategy … to leveraging and accelerating our digital platforms … we’ve kept our focus on doing what’s right for team members and guests. All along the way, we’ve driven efficiencies while reinventing the guest experience and deepening our presence in key markets. And, as a sign of confidence in our perseverance and progress, the Board voted to increase the dividend for the 22nd year in a row. POSITIVE MOMENTUM As our communities are reopening, Casey’s is well-positioned to serve them, thanks to the acceleration of our strategic initiatives. For example, this past year saw the chainwide launch of curbside pick-up services, an expanded delivery partnership with DoorDash and, for the first time in our 53 years, the introduction of a fresh brand look and logo. These and other steps speak to our commitment to create a new and better normal – one characterized by an even sharper focus on delivering the best possible guest experience. At the same time, we’re still working as hard as ever to safeguard the health and safety of our team members. In FY21, we invested $38 million in our direct response to COVID-19, from in-store safety measures to team member compensation. In January, we announced a wellness bonus for fully vaccinated team members. As we grow and invest in our team members, we know it’s also vitally important to support and encourage diverse perspectives at all levels of our organization. We are proud that Casey’s Board of Directors is comprised of 50% women, and we continue to lead by example through recognitions from the Women’s Forum of New York and 50/50 Women on Boards. This past year, we encouraged team members to participate in the United Way’s 21-Day Equity Challenge, which raises community awareness and engagement on issues of fairness and equality. We’ve seized upon opportunities to increase the diversity and capability of Casey’s leadership with the growth of our executive team. STRATEGIC PLAN PROGRESS If the dark clouds of the pandemic had a silver lining, it’s this: It has enabled Casey’s to accelerate our strategic plan for reinventing the guest experience, creating capacities through efficiencies and being where our guests are, all supported by investment in our talent. In 2021, we’re moving forward and making solid progress against our core strategic pillars: REINVENT THE GUEST EXPERIENCE Contemporizing our food offerings, introducing new and local assortments, and strengthening our efforts to deliver a compelling guest experience. We’ve made great strides against this priority on three fronts: Customizing with Technology • We celebrated the one-year anniversary of our Casey’s Rewards Program by reaching more than 3.6 million members. Our guests clearly love our program. And that’s because we’ve made it theirs. That includes using personal purchasing history to execute targeted promotional campaigns that deepen engagement with, and loyalty to, our brand. • As consumers flocked to online channels in record numbers, we grew digital sales by 96% over the previous year, driven by strong appetites for our delicious whole pizzas as well as ongoing enhancements to our app, website and expanded DoorDash partnerships. • To date, approximately 700 stores have DoorDash delivery service, and we recently launched an Uber Eats partnership to over 750 locations. In addition, every store across our footprint now offers curbside pickup options integrated with the Casey’s App. Reinvent the Guest Experience • We’ve introduced a fresh brand look and feel, with an updated logo that’s true to our hometown roots, but with a nod to the positive new products and services that Casey’s has to offer. • As part of reimagining the guest experience, we updated the in-store layout of over 2,200 locations. This new configuration has enabled us to offer a wider variety of merchandise, while driving a more relevant, engaging and convenient guest experience. More of the Food You Crave • Our private-label program is off to a strong start – Casey’s meat snacks, packaged bakery items, and nuts and seeds have already become our guests’ No. 1 choice. In my mind, that’s an amazing example of how we’re offering top-quality products at affordable prices to attract guests. We’re also winning on margin with these great Casey’s products. • We’re adding fresh new menu items like our BBQ chicken pizza and cheesy breadsticks, built upon our famous, made-from-scratch dough and real whole-milk mozzarella cheese. CREATE CAPACITY THROUGH EFFICIENCIES Drive efficiencies to improve the shape of the business and fund future growth. This year, we made progress by building out capabilities that deliver efficiencies. • We centralized our approach to procurement – transforming it from an administrative function to one with strategic sourcing capability that drives savings, continuous improvement and value across the enterprise. • We established a new asset-protection function to more effectively oversee loss prevention, risk management and compliance. • We celebrated the opening of our new distribution center in Joplin, Missouri – taking out 1.8 million miles driven from our self-distribution model, while further optimizing our supply chain by complementing our distribution centers in Iowa and Indiana. BE WHERE THE GUEST IS Accelerate our new store builds and acquisitions, including market and store format expansion. Our M&A team has been hard at work this past year, as our strong balance sheet enabled us to capitalize on two strategic acquisition opportunities. • In the single most significant transaction in our company’s history, we announced plans to acquire Buchanan Energy, and recently closed on this deal. This deepens our footprint in Nebraska and Illinois and will allow us to bring the Casey’s experience to even more guests. • We also announced the acquisition of Circle K stores throughout Oklahoma and recently closed on this deal. • Both of these transactions enable us to grow in strategic markets, take further advantage of economies of scale for fuel and merchandising procurement, and leverage our existing distribution assets. • Out of an abundance of caution, we paused store builds at the beginning of the pandemic. But we’ve since returned to business as usual, and we finished the year with 40 new store builds. INVEST IN OUR TALENT Create a culture that drives performance and exceeds expectations. This year we filled out a diverse and balanced leadership team. The mix of tenured leaders and those with external experiences that they bring to Casey’s has strengthened our efforts to accelerate and deliver on our strategic plan. HERE FOR GOOD Over the past 12 months, we’ve witnessed a degree of change and disruption that’s unprecedented in our lifetimes. But one thing hasn’t changed: Casey’s is Here for Good. And that starts with the commitment of our team members, who show up for their friends and neighbors. I couldn’t be prouder of the resiliency, courage and creativity they’ve brought to work with them every day. And I thank them once again for all their contributions to our progress and our strong performance in such a challenging year. As we all look forward to the further reopening of our communities and economies, I’m optimistic about our prospects. Through their loyalty, Casey’s guests have shown a strong preference for our fresh food and quality merchandise, both online and in-store. And that creates even brighter opportunities for us to grow and be where they are. For our guests and the communities we share, being Here for Good means working to make life better. As the pandemic inflicted pain on our communities, we put our people, partnerships and resources to work, providing support in our focus areas of education, hunger and community servants. And, with the help of our guests, we made an impact: • As food insecurity spiked during the pandemic, we partnered with Feeding America to provide more than 15 million meals to 48 local food banks and supported their COVID-19 Relief Fund; • We contributed more than $1.4 million to organizations that support veterans and their families; and • We launched our first-ever grant program as part of our Cash for Classrooms initiative, awarding $1 million through 99 grants to local schools. I’m humbled by these opportunities to serve and extremely grateful to our partners, Casey’s team members and, especially, our guests who’ve contributed to making these programs possible. I’m grateful, as well, to our Board of Directors for their ongoing guidance and support as we managed through challenge and change to push forward and make progress on our goals. Finally, my sincere thanks to you, our shareholders, for your confidence in Casey’s. Your trust in us is a driving force behind our ability to keep making lives better for our guests and communities every day. I can assure you that we will work hard to repay that trust by creating value for you in the months and years to come. 

Sincerely,

Darren Rebelez 

President & Chief Executive Officer
