To Our Shareholders

2020 marked our 118th year in business. We are blessed by our heritage and also challenged to build on it. Coca-Cola Consolidated continues to be guided by Our Purpose: To Honor God in All We Do, To Serve Others, To Pursue Excellence, and To Grow Profitably. In a year of intense and unprecedented challenges, we relied heavily on the principles of our Operating Destination: One Coca-Cola Consolidated Team, consistently generating strong cash flow, while empowering the next generation of servant leaders. This guiding Purpose and clear strategy helped us to start the year strong, to persevere through the pandemic, and ultimately to grow and to serve effectively throughout 2020. As COVID-19 spread across the country, the health and well-being of our teammates was our top priority. We responded quickly and made significant investments to comply with ever-changing government regulations. Our Company worked hard to provide teammates across our facilities with personal protective equipment, such as masks, gloves, and sanitizing solution. We adjusted our work routines to include enhanced facility cleaning and social distancing. With health and wellness top of mind, we also adapted customer service procedures, such as touchless deliveries. Leveraging technology throughout our business was extremely important not only to incorporate best practices for safety, but also to keep our teammates connected with each other and with our customers. Our “First 100 Days” sales initiative provided incredible momentum to start the year. We launched several innovative brands, such as AHA, Coke Energy, Coke Cherry Vanilla, smartwater flavors and Sprite Ginger. As COVID-19 shifted consumer patterns, our sparkling brands performed extremely well in fulfilling at-home consumption demands. Our still category experienced positive growth due to AHA, Monster Energy, and BODYARMOR, and our ready-to-drink coffee portfolio delivered strong results. As our industry faced shortages in aluminum cans, we refined our SKU offerings to focus on core brands, which enhanced revenue in both our sparkling and still portfolios. In such a unique and difficult year, we swiftly altered our business strategies to serve our customers and our consumers. As a result, our total sales grew more than $120 million from the prior year, to surpass $4.9 billion. These sales results provided strong and consistent cash flow that allowed us to pay down debt incurred from the purchase of franchise territory, while continuing to make important long-term investments in our business. We are consolidating our production facilities into West Memphis, Arkansas, with a $52 million investment to improve the effectiveness and efficiency of our overall operations. We are also investing $60 million to build a new 400,000 sq. ft. sales, distribution and automated warehouse facility in Whitestown, Indiana, which will be completed this year. 2020 was a year of volatility and extraordinary challenges across the American economy. Coca-Cola Consolidated was proactive and decisive in managing through these challenges, including adjusting our commercial plan and operating model, and tightly controlling our operating expenses. And while we made necessary decisions to navigate an unpredictable environment, we stayed focused on positioning our business for long-term growth. We generated strong results over the prior year, including a 3.2% increase in comparable case volume and an increase of over $110 million in income from operations. These strong operating results helped us generate almost $500 million of operating cash flow and allowed us to continue supporting our communities through charitable giving. As we reflect on how One Coca-Cola Consolidated Team came together in 2020, we are immensely inspired by the comradery and commitment of our teammates. As essential workers, our teammates tirelessly served our customers and our communities during tumultuous times. We understand that challenges remain, but we are focused on opportunities for improvement and growth. We are grateful for and humbled by your continued support.

J. Frank Harrison lll

Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer

David M. Katz 

President & Chief Executive Officer
