Dear Costco Shareholders: 

In another year of uncertainty, Costco was steadfast in providing goods and services, remaining nimble, and adapting our business as needed to best serve our members and protect our employees. 

Despite ongoing pandemic challenges, we had another strong year in fiscal 2021. Net sales for the 52-week fiscal year totaled $192 billion, an increase of 18%, with a comparable sales increase of 16%. Net income for the 52-week fiscal year was $5 billion, or $11.27 per diluted share, an increase of 25%. Revenue from membership fees increased 9% to $3.9 billion. In December 2020, we paid a special cash dividend of $10 per share or $4.4 billion. The special dividend was the fourth in eight years, which was in addition to a 13% increase in the regular dividend approved in April 2021. 

Fiscal 2021 presented global challenges in the supply of key commodities, transportation capacity, and labor shortages. Inflationary factors, such as higher labor and freight costs, greater transportation and container demand, and scarcity of certain products put pressure on pricing. We worked with our suppliers to explore methods to control costs and avoid or minimize price increases when possible. 

In fiscal 2021, we opened warehouses and business centers domestically and internationally, including 12 net new in the U.S., four net new in Canada, three in Japan, and one in Taiwan. The pandemic created challenges in opening buildings, and we expect the pace to increase in fiscal 2022. In fact as of today we have already opened 13 net new buildings in the new fiscal year. 

In a move much anticipated by members, warehouses began a phased return to full sampling using increased safety protocols. Costco food courts were able to resume seating at most locations, with more physical separation and reduced seating capacity. 

We operate eight e-commerce websites worldwide, where comparable sales grew by 44% over the previous year. We continue to focus on complementing our core warehouse business with online offerings. Our acquisition of what we now call Costco Logistics has helped improve our delivery times and often lower delivery prices of big and bulky items. As a result, categories such as appliances, exercise equipment, furniture, mattresses and patio products contributed to sales growth this year, despite supply challenges. Other important advancements were achieved in our online business including reduced costs associated with picking items, the addition of frozen grocery 2-day deliveries, and technology enhancements including a streamlined COVID-19 vaccine scheduler. 

The Kirkland Signature™ brand, which is synonymous with higher quality and exceptional value, saw strong global growth with sales exceeding $59 billion, compared to $52 billion in the prior year. We focused on driving down costs, improving quality, expanding in-country sourcing options, reducing the environmental impact of transportation, and introducing new and exciting products. 

We continued to recognize and reward the exceptional performance of hourly employees in operations, extending the $2 per hour premium pay through February 2021. Such action marked an entire year of providing premium pay for those employees who demonstrated outstanding service during an extraordinarily difficult and uncertain time. In March 2021, we permanently increased wages by $1 for hourly warehouse employees. 

Costco is committed to efforts around social and environmental issues. Regarding diversity and inclusion, we have increased our efforts to expand the recruitment candidate pool and developed a library of resources and training for all levels of employees in order to foster an environment that supports and encourages open dialogue and communication. Regarding the environment, Costco's continuing work on initiatives aligned with the Global Climate Action Plan, the Global Forest Conservation Commitment and UN Sustainable Development Goals, which can be found on our website. We recognize that continuing to address Costco's social and environmental impact is both a business imperative and the right thing to do, and we remain committed to these efforts. 

As 2021 comes to a close, I extend my thanks and appreciation to our more than 300,000 Costco employees across the globe who consistently impress me with their work ethic, dedication to member service, and their loyalty to our business. Finally, I thank Costco members around the world for their continued support and trust in our business. Together, we've made it through an unimaginable time in our lives, and we're moving forward toward a brighter future. 

From the Costco family to yours, I wish you a healthy and happy New Year. 

Sincerely,

Craig Jelinek

President and Chief Executive Officer
