2020 was truly a year for the history books. We began the year at our company’s highest point, outlining our vision for the future of travel at a CES keynote; paying a record $1.6 billion in profit sharing to our people; and announcing a 10-year investment toward becoming a carbon neutral airline. Within weeks of those events, a national emergency was declared over the COVID-19 pandemic, and our business fell to the lowest of lows. Travel demand vanished overnight, our revenues evaporated and our future, at least in the short term, looked uncertain. As they have so often in the past, the people of Delta led the way as we navigated the darkest days of the pandemic and moved toward recovery. Thanks to their hard work and dedication, during 2020 Delta:

Implemented an unprecedented safety and health program that included extensive cleaning, employee testing, and mask requirements for our planes several months before the federal mask mandate, protecting our employees and customers.

Avoided involuntary furloughs of our U.S. employees thanks to the sacrifices of our people, who took early retirements and departure packages at unprecedented rates, volunteered to take unpaid leaves of absence and worked reduced hours for much of the year.

Raised more than $25 billion in capital to bolster our liquidity – a critical action that, when coupled with much-needed government support to protect airline employee jobs, ensures that Delta is well-positioned as demand returns.

Outperformed our competitors on passenger revenue generation despite having fewer seats for sale, as the only U.S. airline to block the middle seat through the end of 2020 and into 2021. 

Our culture demands that we always put people first, with the safety of our employees, customers and communities the first priority in every decision. With positive customer feedback at record levels during the pandemic, we believe our approach is building loyalty that will reward Delta for years to come.

As the pace of vaccinations accelerates, our customers are reclaiming their lives. Air travel will be central as people reconnect with loved ones and business colleagues, replacing their screens with real human touchpoints as they venture out of their homes and communities to experience the world again. We see the second half of 2021 as the continuation of a meaningful recovery that will grow over the next few years, with Delta leading the way as economies reopen and flourish. Our efforts to transform the air travel experience remain underway – in fact, we’ve sped up the timeline by accelerating our fleet renewal plans and airport construction projects in Los Angeles, New York and elsewhere. And our commitment to environmental sustainability and addressing climate change remains in full force through a plan that seeks to balance near-term and long-term solutions and encompasses carbon reduction and removal, stakeholder engagement and coalition building. We plan to spend more than $30 million this year on verified offsets to mitigate 13 million metric tons of carbon dioxide emissions from our airline business from March 1, 2020 through the end of 2020. 

We also were motivated in 2020 to take a hard look at diversity, equity and inclusion at Delta. While we have a lot to be proud of, we know that we can do better. That’s why we’ve committed to a slate of actions to create more opportunities for our Black employees and help make Delta a truly just, equitable and anti-racist company. From any standpoint, 2020 was the hardest year in Delta’s history. But it was also among our proudest moments. It was a year that revealed our character and reminded us that our people are our most powerful asset. Thanks to the experiences and lessons of 2020, the Delta that we’re rebuilding today will be stronger and more successful for many years to come. Thank you for your support throughout the past year. We look forward to speaking with you at our annual meeting in June. 

Sincerely,

Edward H. Bastian

Chief Executive Officer
