Dear Fellow Shareholders: 2020 will be remembered as a year of significant challenges – in addition to the COVID-19 pandemic, we grappled with economic pressures, social isolation and racial injustice and inequality within our communities. I am proud to say that DICK’S navigated these challenges as a team, anchoring to our corporate values to manage the shifting landscape and consistently demonstrating our belief in the premise that doing the right thing is the ultimate path to success. As a result, DICK’S didn’t simply survive the year, but we thrived, delivering record sales and earnings and emerging as a stronger company with even brighter prospects for the future. I am deeply grateful for our 50,000 teammates and the ways in which they supported each other, our company, our communities and the athletes we serve. Here’s a snapshot of our key accomplishments for 2020: • We generated a record-setting 9.9% increase in consolidated same-store sales, accelerating the momentum we had created by delivering a 3.7% increase in consolidated same-store sales in 2019. • We leveraged our diverse category portfolio, technology capabilities and advanced omni-channel execution to take advantage of increased consumer demand across golf, outdoor activities, home fitness and active lifestyle. • We developed innovative technology – including curbside pickup – that set the pace for the retail industry, helping drive our full-year eCommerce sales to more than $2.8 billion, an increase of 100% compared with the prior year. • We delivered record non-GAAP earnings per diluted share of $6.12, representing a 66% increase over 2019. Most importantly, we demonstrated our deep commitment to caring for each other and our communities. This has been a longstanding value at DICK’S, and it has never been more crucial than throughout the pandemic. As we reopened our stores, the health and safety of our teammates and athletes was our priority. We established protocols and procedures to provide a safe working environment and shopping experience. Our frontline hourly store and distribution center teammates went above and beyond our expectations, and we rewarded their exceptional efforts through our premium pay program. In total, we invested approximately $175 million in incremental teammate compensation and safety measures during 2020. We also recognized that youth sports programs have been severely hampered by the pandemic, and low-income communities of color have been most impacted. We are passionate about helping young athletes get back on the field, and we demonstrated this by donating $30 million to our Foundation to support Sports Matter and other charitable programs across the country. Also in 2020, we made a commitment to remove all single-use point-of-sale plastic bags from our stores by 2025. To help us meet this goal, we became the lead Sports & Outdoors sector partner of the Beyond the Bag initiative; and we will continue to focus on company-wide efforts to reduce our environmental footprint. Lastly, the racial injustices that came to light across our nation in 2020 galvanized many companies – including ours – to take an honest and critical look inside their organizations. We realized that we had work to do to become a more inclusive and diverse company. We immediately initiated change and started at the top by bringing a muchneeded, more diverse perspective to our board of directors. Furthermore, our Inclusion & Diversity Council established nearly 20 impact teams to accelerate our efforts in this vital area. I am pleased to report that we have already delivered meaningful progress across our organization, including adopting new recruitment and talent development processes to build a more diverse workforce and expanding our inclusivity training. We recognize we have more to do, but I am proud of the way our entire organization committed to these efforts. Fueling Long-Term Growth In 2021, we will build on the momentum we created in 2019 and 2020 by leveraging our current strategies to accelerate our progress and drive long-term growth. Our strategic partnerships with key brands have never been stronger, and we will continue to make big bets with important brand partners. At the same time, we will continue to elevate our vertical brands, which are growing rapidly. During 2020, our vertical brands eclipsed $1.3 billion in sales, and they delivered exceptional comps, outperforming the company average by more than 400 basis points. During 2021, we will invest in making our vertical brands even stronger through improved space in-store and increased marketing while also expanding into additional product categories. We will also drive growth in important categories, including golf, athletic apparel, footwear and team sports, as well as in fitness, which saw significant gains throughout 2020. As part of this effort, we will continue to invest in our business to meet the changing needs of our athletes and increase their engagement with us. This will include investing in TrackMan™ technology to enhance the fitting and lesson experience in our Golf Galaxy stores, converting more than 100 additional DICK’S stores to premium full-service footwear locations and reconceptualizing our soccer business through the addition of more premium products, innovative store experiences and enhanced service. Within our omni-channel experience, we will continue to leverage both our stores and our eCommerce business to serve our athletes whenever, wherever and however they want. During 2021, we expect curbside pickup to remain a meaningful piece of our omni-channel offering as our athletes draw on this value-added service for speed and convenience. We will also continue to improve our online shopping experience and lead with mobile, which in 2020, represented more than 50% of our online sales. Lastly, we will continue to use data science to leverage our extensive athlete database to drive more personalized, one-to-one marketing and enhance loyalty, including among the 8.5 million new athletes that we acquired in 2020. Starting A New Chapter As we enter 2021, we are also starting a new chapter in our company history. In February 2021, Ed Stack assumed the role of Executive Chairman while continuing his responsibilities as Chief Merchandising Officer. Ed built our company from the ground up, and for more than 10 years, I have witnessed first-hand his commitment to DICK'S values, to our teammates, to our athletes and to our communities. Now, as only the third CEO in our company’s 73- year history and the first outside of the Stack family, I am fortunate to have Ed as a mentor and look forward to working alongside him – and our strong and experienced leadership team – to lead DICK’S into the next phase of its growth. Looking Ahead We move forward in a position of strength. Our extensive network of brick-and-mortar stores and our highly advanced technology platforms are working seamlessly together to deliver an industry-leading omni-channel experience. We have exceptionally strong relationships with our key vendor partners along with an established portfolio of world-class vertical brands. We have a well-defined, athlete-centric focus, along with an enduring commitment to delivering friendly, knowledgeable and available service. Finally, we have a respected and loved brand, and we are aligned behind our common purpose of creating confidence and excitement by personally equipping all athletes to achieve their dreams. On behalf of our board of directors, our management team and our teammates, we thank you – our valued shareholders – for your ongoing loyalty and support. 

Lauren R. Hobart 

President and Chief Executive Officer
