Dear Shareholder, In our last letter to you in early 2021, things were certainly looking up as we had experienced steady improvement emerging from the COVID-19 pandemic. Little did we know, at the time, the extent of the improvement ahead. During the first quarter, as the first vaccines were released, more stimulus checks were issued and warmer weather arrived, we began to see improving sales even compared to 2019. We were encouraged to see our customer resuming normal activities, enjoying celebrations and gatherings again and excited about fresh fashion. As consumer demand increased in the first quarter, the heavy lifting we had done with inventory control began to pay off, and we generated the highest quarterly gross margin in our history of 41.7%. This strong consumer demand held throughout the year, and we enjoyed double-digit comparable store sales increases (compared to 2019) and record gross margins in each of the following quarters, leading to record gross margin for the year of 42.3%. Our efforts to control selling, general and administrative expenses continued in 2021, and our accomplishments there combined with the above performance helped produce record profitability. Compared to 2019, we saved approximately $155 million in expenses. We accomplished the bulk of our expense savings with decreased payroll expense as we operated our stores with reduced hours compared to pre-pandemic times. We found that we can serve our customer in store exceptionally as well as profitably in a shorter window—with dillards.com open and operating 24 hours a day. We reported net income of $862.5 million ($41.88 per share). For the first time in our history, cash flow from operations surpassed the billion-dollar mark to a record $1.28 billion. Importantly, this strong cash flow allowed us to return $866 million to our shareholders with $561 million in share repurchases and $305 million in dividends. We were extremely happy to pay a $15.00 special dividend in December as a sincere thanks to our shareholders, of whom a very large number are our own associates and their families who stuck with us through difficult times. We are tremendously proud of our team’s ability to bounce back boldly in 2021. So far this year, our customer is still excited about fashion and appears ready to shop for spring styles and celebrations. We are committed to further inspiring our customers with extraordinary style and exceptional service wherever they decide to visit us—in store or online at dillards.com. Thank you, and we look forward to serving with you in the years ahead. Warm regards,

William Dillard, II 

Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer
