To Our Valued Shareholders:

My hope is that each of you and your loved ones are safe and doing well. 2020 presented numerous unique challenges, not just to retail, but to the lives of millions in the communities we serve across North America. The tenacity, perseverance, and strength demonstrated by frontline workers – medical professionals, first responders, health agencies, scientists and researchers, assisted living staff and caretakers, education administrators and teachers, essential workers, and others – has been truly inspiring. “Thank you to our heroes for their extraordinary work!“ My sincerest gratitude goes out to the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar heroes, our more than 200,000 associates, working in more than 15,600 stores and 26 distribution centers, as well as the support teams in the field and in the Store Support Center (SSC) in Chesapeake, Virginia. While fiscal 2020 had one of the most unpredictable and challenging business environments in my 40-year retail career, I am incredibly proud of each associate’s dedication to serving our shoppers in their critical times of need. I have had the pleasure of reading hundreds of customer letters regarding how our associates have gone “above and beyond” to serve their communities and neighbors. Their efforts contributed to our Company’s successes in 2020. As an essential retailer in the value segment, we have been, and will continue to be, “part of the solution” for millions of households seeking great value, in convenient and safe shopping locations. Thank you to our heroes for their extraordinary work! Additionally, I would like to recognize the efforts of our business partners, both supply chain and suppliers, for their support of our stores throughout the year. As we continue to grow, so does our need and support from each of our business partners. We appreciate their partnership and look forward to many successful years ahead of us. Year in Review In 2020, we exceeded $25 billion in annual sales for the first time in our Company’s history. The strategic initiatives that have been refined and proven, along with a streamlined execution plan led by our seasoned leadership team, built a strong foundation to produce record results, including: • Driving an enterprise same-store sales increase of 6.1%, on top of the prior year’s 1.8% increase; • Growing gross profit by more than $740.0 million, a 70 basis point improvement from the prior year, despite incurring $36.3 million of COVID-related costs; • Leveraging selling, general and administrative expenses by 140 basis points, despite incurring $242.8 million in COVID-related costs; • Improving enterprise operating profit margin to 7.4%, a 210 basis point improvement from fiscal 2019; and • Delivering annual diluted earnings per share of $5.65. Along with a strong operating performance in 2020, our teams were extremely focused on the ongoing proactive and precautionary actions to help mitigate the effects of COVID-19. Since the onset of the pandemic, our associates have worked diligently to maintain safe and clean environments to help mitigate risks, while keeping store shelves stocked with essential products at great value in convenient, close-to-home locations. Our teams are focused on value, convenience, and safety and we will continue to be relentless in our efforts to help protect one another until this pandemic is behind us. Dollar Tree The Dollar Tree segment delivered its 15th consecutive year of same-store sales increases, with a positive 2.2% comp. In fact, the team has now delivered same-store sales increases in 51 of its last 52 quarters, with the first quarter of 2020 being the only exception due to the effects that the pandemic had on the brand’s Easter seasonal business. “Our teams are focused on value, convenience, and safety.“ Building on the success of our craft department, we completed the rollout of Crafter’s Square® to all U.S. Dollar Tree stores in late fiscal 2020. Inspiring the creativity of our customers is at the core of the Dollar Tree brand and we are thrilled to provide a broader assortment of art and craft supplies to our shoppers. With our $1 price point and more than 7,500 U.S. store locations, Crafter’s Square provides unlimited solutions for the “learn-fromhome” and “work-from-home” environment. Additionally, terrific opportunities exist for DIY home projects and décor, crafts for the entire family, seasonal decorations, and handmade gifts. Throughout the year, we continued to test, modify, and improve the Dollar Tree Plus! initiative and we are expanding the multi-price assortment to a total of 500 stores by August 2021. Dollar Tree Plus! exceeded our sales plan for the holiday season as we experienced great sell-through on seasonal products, toys, and household consumables. When multi-price items are included in the basket, the average transaction value is approximately twice the size. Additionally, we expect to benefit from buying synergies, since many of the $3 and $5 items will also now be offered at Family Dollar stores. We anticipate providing periodic updates on our progress with this exciting initiative. Family Dollar Our Family Dollar team delivered a 10.5% same-store sales increase and a 610 basis point improvement in operating margin in fiscal 2020. Since consolidating our support teams into one SSC location and realigning our merchandising and operations leadership in 2019, we have enhanced and aligned communications, strategies, processes, workflows, and accountability, throughout the entire enterprise. “The goal is to have various store formats that offer the best of the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar brands to serve customers in all types of geographic markets.“ The progress we have made at Family Dollar in the past year has been remarkable. Our shoppers are responding to the new merchandise offerings and improved operational execution in our stores and we are seeing a considerable lift in our customer satisfaction survey scores highlighting four key categories: store cleanliness; product assortment; customer service; and speed of check-out. Contributors to this success have been: • The new and renovated H2 store format, where we see a same-store sales lift of greater than 10% in the first year (when compared to non-renovated stores); • Improved merchandise offerings, including a larger variety of $1 products; • An enhanced brand standards program, which clearly conveys expectations to the store teams; and • Family Dollar’s lowest annual store manager turnover rate in a decade. The improved customer satisfaction results give us confidence that we will be able to retain shoppers that have discovered, or re-engaged with, Family Dollar within the past year. I am confident that Family Dollar will exit the pandemic as a much stronger brand. In late 2020, we announced our new national partnership with Instacart, providing customers with sameday delivery options from more than 6,000 Family Dollar stores. The initial results have exceeded our expectations and these transactions have a materially higher average ticket. We are focused on meeting the evolving needs of our Family Dollar customers and we believe the Instacart platform is enabling us to broaden the reach of our Family Dollar customer base. We have also just begun testing the addition of fresh produce and frozen meats to select Family Dollar stores, geared toward markets where shoppers have fewer local grocery options. We want to provide these customers with convenient access to basic produce items, as well as beef, poultry, and pork. Two Great Stores, One Big Deal! Building on the success of the Family Dollar H2 store renovation program, we recently announced our newest, tested, and proven concept, the Combination (or Combo) Stores. These stores are more productive, produce higher gross margins, are better leveraging store costs, and, in aggregate, have delivered same-store sales lifts of greater than 20%. The Combo Stores combine Family Dollar’s great value and assortment with Dollar Tree’s “thrill-of-the-hunt” and $1 price point – creating a new store format targeting small towns and rural areas with populations ranging from 3,000 to 4,000 people. These are markets where we would traditionally not open a Dollar Tree store alone. Nearly 50 Combo Stores were open at the end of fiscal 2020, and we will continue to expand the store format offering in 2021, with more than 3,000 markets identified for future growth. We are writing a bold new chapter for our business, with two great stores coming together under one roof, providing years of opportunity to grow across small-town America. We are extremely pleased with our customers’ response to the Combo Stores and we will continue to refine strategic store formats designed to serve more customers. The goal is to have various store formats that offer the best of the Dollar Tree and Family Dollar brands to serve customers in all types of geographic markets. Both the H2 format and Combo Stores will be part of the Family Dollar new store and renovation strategy moving forward. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) Executive Council Our organization has a cascading impact on all of the communities we serve, from our associates and their families, to vendors, suppliers, and the millions of households who rely on our convenient store locations to get the products they need at great value. With the support of our newly created DEI Executive Council, we are focused on embracing our differences, ensuring fair treatment, and providing equal access to opportunities and resources. Our Company is firmly committed to creating a positive and professional work environment where all associates demonstrate courtesy, dignity, and respect for others. We are committed to fostering an inclusive environment where the individual differences among us are understood, respected, and appreciated as a valuable source to strengthen our Company. These principles are supported by our commitment to being an Equal Opportunity Employer with anti-harassment, nondiscrimination, and non-retaliation policies. Doing the right thing is fundamental to creating and sustaining an effective, organizational value system. Demonstrating ethical behavior towards our customers, communities, and each other is essential to our sustainability. Our Company is committed to equity and inclusion and we will not tolerate racism or discrimination in any form. I stand in unity with our associates, and together, we can drive an inclusive culture that continuously strives for better and equal outcomes for every life we touch. Commitment to Governance and Shareholder Value We are committed to responsible corporate governance that delivers sustainable, long-term value to our shareholders. Our Board, led by our Executive Chairman, Lead Independent Director, and Committee Chairpersons, is active and engaged in setting the strategic direction of our business. We again achieved a “clean bill of health” in 2020 from our external auditors, with no material control weaknesses noted in the assessment, underscoring that our accounting and reporting processes are compliant with the intentions and requirements of Sarbanes-Oxley legislation. We continue to generate free cash flow in excess of our investment needs, which we have used to pay down more than $5 billion of debt and repurchase $600 million in shares since completing the acquisition of the Family Dollar business in July 2015. The best use of capital, in our view, is to support the continued growth of our business at a sustainable pace. “I stand in unity with our associates, and together, we can drive an inclusive culture that continually strives for better and equal outcomes for every life we touch.“ Our Board values diversity, in its broadest sense, reflecting, but not limited to, geography, gender, ethnicity, and life experience and is committed to a policy of inclusiveness. The Board and our management team recognizes the importance of assessing, planning for, and disclosing the potential impact of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) risks to our business. The Board’s Nominating, Governance and Sustainability Committee has the lead role in overseeing our risks and reporting related to ESG matters and sustainability, with the Compensation Committee having the lead role in Human Capital Management and DEI oversight. Among other initiatives, it has directed the creation of the following new corporate policies to provide enhanced ESG transparency and guidance to our stakeholders: • Environmental Policy; • Human Rights Policy; • Health and Safety Policy; • Code of Vendor Conduct; and • Political Contribution and Expenditure Policy.

Additionally, it is our strong belief that safeguarding shareholder value requires that the Company carefully assess and address the risks inherent in our business. In particular, our Board and management recognize the importance of planning for the potential impact of climate change and other sustainability risks, and we are taking action to evaluate how our long-term business strategy may be adapted to address these potential challenges. We have recently issued an expanded Corporate Sustainability Report regarding our recent findings and identified opportunities. “I wish you and your family good health and many prosperous years to come.“ We maintain an open dialogue with shareholders on governance-related practices, which reflect the input and best interests of our shareholders. We value honesty, integrity, and transparency in all aspects of our business and these values are reflected in the strength of our financial controls and in the relationships with our customers, vendor partners, associates, and especially our shareholders. 2021 and Beyond I am extremely enthusiastic about our opportunities in 2021 and beyond, including innovative and traffic-driving initiatives, the expansion of Dollar Tree Plus! and the new Combo Stores opening in small towns and rural markets across America. It is truly an exciting time of growth for both our brands and we are building on the momentum following last year’s strong performance. At the end of fiscal 2020, we had more than $1.4 billion in cash on our balance sheet and we have $2.4 billion remaining on our share repurchase authorization. As communicated on our 2020 fourth quarter earnings conference call, we expect that capital expenditures for 2021 will total approximately $1.2 billion and the majority of the excess cash flow may be dedicated to share repurchases. Our 2021 capital expenditures will focus on: • 600 new stores and 1,250 Family Dollar renovations; • Addition of frozen and refrigerated capability in select stores; • I.T. systems enhancements and projects; • Development of our Chesapeake, Virginia campus; • Installation of LED lighting and efficient HVAC in select stores; • Flooring replacements in select stores; and • The ongoing construction of the 2nd phase of our new distribution center in Ocala, Florida. I am incredibly proud of our talented teams’ accomplishments, commitment, dedication, and focus. We believe our proven strategic store formats, an accelerated store growth plan, planned store renovations, and several key sales- and traffic-driving initiatives, along with a robust balance sheet, will enable us to deliver long-term value for each of our stakeholders – customers, associates, suppliers, and shareholders. I wish you and your family good health and many prosperous years to come. Thank you for your interest and continued support of Dollar Tree. 

Stay safe and be well,

Michael A. Witynski 

President and Chief Executive Officer
