TO OUR FELLOW SHAREHOLDERS, CUSTOMERS & EMPLOYEES:

At Dollar General, our mission of Serving Others remains foundational to everything we do. In a year of unprecedented challenges due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we took significant actions to demonstrate our appreciation for the incredible efforts of our employees, and to further safeguard the wellbeing of our team members and customers. These efforts included awarding approximately $167 million in employee appreciation bonuses, enhancing benefits and leave policies, providing safety supplies, dedicating certain store hours for the most vulnerable members of our communities, and removing barriers for frontline employees to obtain the vaccine. As a mature retailer in growth mode, we also made significant progress in 2020 toward advancing key initiatives to better serve our customers and drive strong returns for our shareholders. During the year, we completed 2,780 real estate projects, including the opening of our 17,000th store and the launch of our new pOpshelf concept, while also delivering our 31st consecutive year of same-store sales growth. Our hallmark value and convenience proposition, combined with our unique and growing real estate footprint, disciplined execution, and focused innovation, has allowed us to further solidify our position as a leader in the small-box discount retail channel. Highlights of 2020 Compared to 2019: • Net sales increased 21.6% to $33.7 billion, and samestore sales increased 16.3%. • Operating profit increased 54.4% to $3.6 billion. • Net income grew to $2.7 billion, and diluted earnings per share increased 59.9% to $10.62. • Cash flows from operations were $3.9 billion, an increase of 73.2%. We are pleased with our results in 2020, which we believe are a testament to the exceptional performance of our employees in a difficult year, as well as the strong fundamentals of the business, and our commitment to keeping the customer at the center of everything we do. Notably, we accelerated the rollout of several strategic initiatives, which have become important contributors to our business. We expect to expand these rollouts in 2021 with the goal of continuing to drive long-term sustainable growth. We approach this goal through the lens of our four key operating priorities: 1. Driving profitable sales growth: Our robust portfolio of sales-driving and gross margin-enhancing initiatives includes our non-consumable initiative (“NCI”) and “DG Fresh” initiative. In 2020, we expanded NCI to more than 5,800 stores as we look to enhance the treasurehunt experience for our customers. DG Fresh is aimed at reducing product costs, while driving on-shelf availability and greater product assortment. At the conclusion of 2020, we were self-distributing frozen and refrigerated goods to more than 16,000 stores from 10 facilities. In addition, our efforts included further cooler door expansion, private brand enhancements, and distribution and transportation efficiencies. We expect to expand upon each of these opportunities in 2021. Capturing growth opportunities: Our proven high-return, low-risk real estate growth model, coupled with ongoing format innovation, has generated a unique footprint of more than 17,000 stores, resulting in approximately 75% of the U.S. population living within five miles or less of one of our stores. In 2021, we plan to open 1,050 new stores, remodel 1,750 stores and relocate 100 stores as we continue to expand our ability to serve new and existing customers. Our Digital initiative complements our brick-and-mortar presence, as we seek to deploy and leverage technology to further enhance our customers’ instore experience, while providing even more convenient shopping options, such as DG Pickup. 3. Leveraging and reinforcing our position as a low cost operator: Our clear and defined process to control spending continues to drive efficiencies and deliver savings across the organization. This Save to Serve approach has resulted in efforts such as “Fast Track,” which is primarily focused on increasing labor productivity in our stores, as well as enhancing customer convenience. During 2020, we introduced self-checkout in more than 1,600 stores, providing even greater convenience for our customers. Our plans for 2021 include additional productivity enhancements across our store base, distribution centers, and in our store support center. 4. Investing in our diverse teams through development, empowerment and inclusion: In addition to the employee appreciation bonuses awarded in 2020, we continued to invest in the training and development of our team as we seek to better position them for future success. We believe our investments are resonating, as demonstrated by record-low store manager turnover and strong engagement scores across the organization in 2020. We believe that the opportunity to start and develop a career with a growing retailer remains a strong competitive advantage. In addition to driving strong operating results, we were intentional about carrying our mission into the communities we call home. In 2020, Dollar General and its Foundations awarded more than $30 million to charitable efforts that extend hope and opportunity to individuals and nonprofit organizations. I want to thank each of our more than 157,000 employees who work hard every day to serve our customers. We are excited about our plans for 2021, and believe we are wellpositioned to continue delivering value for our customers, employees and shareholders.

RESPECTFULLY,

TODD J. VASOS 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
