This year has been dramatically shaped by the COVID-19 pandemic. We remain focused on the safety and well-being of our employees, their families and our consumers as this pandemic continues to have an impact in both the short and long term. I am incredibly proud of how our company, with passion and compassion, has contributed to global relief efforts and rapidly embraced consumers’ evolving needs.

At the same time, important social and racial justice movements are having a meaningful impact across the globe, and we are deeply committed to doing more to facilitate a culture of equity, inclusion and belonging within our company and our communities.

We also remain steadfast in delivering progress against our citizenship and sustainability strategy and goals. Now more than ever, the importance and urgency of this work is clear for our business, our communities and our planet.

These and other developments make it clear that the world is quickly and significantly transforming. The same is true for our industry and for The Estée Lauder Companies.

Fiscal 2020 Overview

In fiscal 2020, we delivered net sales of $14.3 billion, adjusted net earnings of $1.5 billion and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.12. In constant currency, net sales declined 3 percent, and adjusted diluted earnings per share decreased 22 percent to $4.16.

Overall, fiscal 2020 was truly a year without parallel: a dramatic tale of two halves.

During the first six months of fiscal 2020, The Estée Lauder Companies delivered an incredibly strong half-year performance, thanks to our winning strategy and multiple engines of growth. In constant currency, net sales rose 14 percent and adjusted EPS climbed 20 percent in the first half of fiscal 2020. Our continued outperformance yielded strong global prestige beauty share gains, and we were well on our way to a third fiscal year of double-digit sales and adjusted EPS growth.

In the second half of fiscal 2020, as the COVID-19 pandemic took hold, we shifted focus to navigate with agility through a time of unprecedented complexity and change. Despite extensive temporary store closures worldwide in the second half of the year, sales fell only 20 percent and we remained profitable, as we quickly and effectively pivoted to Online to capture consumption and adjusted our cost structure.

Throughout the fiscal year, we generated growth in key areas of the business, driven by our diverse portfolio of beloved brands. We also took prudent and effective measures, financially and operationally, to protect the business. Our business continues to benefit from the strategic actions we have taken to position our company for recovery and sustainable, profitable growth.

Despite some bright spots, particularly our agile shift to Online, we have seen challenges broadly across several areas of our business during this time. Notably, these include declining net sales in The Americas and our Europe, the Middle East & Africa regions, reflecting very difficult environments. Travel Retail globally was impacted by the effects of the pandemic and resulting decrease in international passenger traffic. Despite the sharp downturn in the second half with air travel still largely curtailed, we focused on meeting demand locally across brick-and-mortar and Online channels, as well as in localized destinations of Travel Retail. Hainan, in particular, prospered as tourism gradually resumed, which partially offset the decline of Travel Retail in the fourth quarter. Overall, we are pleased to have delivered a strong performance for the fiscal year and strengthened our leadership in the channel.

Even with the challenges of this year, we are optimistic about the future. We recognize the importance of the decisions we make for our employees, our consumers, our communities, our retailers and our environment at this time, and we are confident that our thoughtful approach will help set the stage for strong growth going forward. Our investments for both near-term recovery and long-term growth fuel our momentum and position us well for the future.

Business Drivers: Enduring Strengths Amid Adversity

As much as the world has changed in the past year, so much of what makes The Estée Lauder Companies exceptional has remained true.

Our 10-year Compass, which serves as a high-level, directional roadmap, is updated every few years using cutting-edge research, data and analytics to reflect the most promising growth areas in prestige beauty across geographies, channels, categories and consumers, as well as shifts in global economic, demographic and social trends. This year, we found that many trends that we were already tracking within prestige beauty have been further accelerated due to the impacts of COVID-19.

Our multiple engines of growth strategy, which is based on insights from our Compass, has powered our success for over a decade and continues to be highly effective. As the best-diversified pure play in prestige beauty, our portfolio gives us many levers to drive the business, which is a crucial strength during this moment. Currently, our vibrant Online business, broad exposure in Asia/Pacific (APAC) and robust Skin Care portfolio are the engines driving our growth. In them, we enjoy both strong and growing prestige beauty share and profitability.

Acceleration of Online Sales

We have long recognized the growth prospects of Online, which has been a key area of focus and investment for our company for over two decades. Our Online business surged worldwide in fiscal 2020, delivering nearly triple-digit organic sales growth in the fourth quarter, which is a testament to the capabilities and scale we have built. Brand.com, brand boutiques on platforms such as Tmall and retailer.com sites each contributed meaningfully to our results.

As consumer adoption of Online accelerates, so have our investments in High-Touch services on our brand sites, such as live chat capability with video, enhanced virtual try-on, livestreaming and more. Our targeted investments help us reach more consumers who are spending increasingly more time on our sites, resulting in incredibly strong conversion rates. And this is just the beginning: We have many strategic initiatives underway to further unlock the potential of this important channel.

Continued Growth in APAC

Geographically, APAC remained a dynamic engine of growth, as consumers increasingly embrace prestige beauty for its quality, innovation and creativity. We delivered superior sales growth in APAC in fiscal 2020, with every category in the region expanding, led by accelerating growth in Skin Care. Fragrance sales also accelerated, reflecting growing consumer desire for our portfolio of luxury and artisanal fragrances. Mainland China performed exceptionally in fiscal 2020, with sales rising by strong double-digits. Korea and other markets in the region also grew for the year, driving prestige beauty share gains. The growth prospects in this region continue to be encouraging.

Skin Care: More Desirable Than Ever

Emerging trends are increasing the appeal of Skin Care, bolstering already strong category dynamics. Our Skin Care business performed exceptionally well in fiscal 2020, with Estée Lauder, La Mer, TOM FORD BEAUTY, Origins, and Darphin driving growth organically. The category also benefited from the acquisition of Dr. Jart+, which was both the largest acquisition in the company’s history and our first of an Asia-based beauty brand. We delivered excellent performance across sub-categories, due to strong repeat purchase rates, data and analytics-driven marketing, new social selling strategies developed during COVID-19, and product innovations that consumers love.

Today, taking care of one's skin is an expression of self-care — and self-care is more important than ever. Consumers are actively exploring sub-categories and expanding their regimens, finding peace of mind in the ritual of routine. Our powerful roster of Skin Care products and brands, including Estée Lauder's Advanced Night Repair, Clinique’s Moisture Surge, La Mer’s Crème de la Mer and Dr. Jart+’s Teatreement™, positions us well to support continued growth in this category.

Pushing the Boundaries of Possibility Through Data, Analytics and Innovation

The intelligent use of data, analytics and consumer insights is at the center of everything we do. Our ability to identify growth segments and trends across categories, geographies and consumer segments allows us to maximize value by delivering innovative, high-quality products and experiences. As consumer behavior continues to quickly evolve during this time, we are harnessing more data than ever before and leveraging our analytics to generate actionable intelligence to help deliver value at both the brand and enterprise level, now and in the future.

To further strengthen these critical capabilities, Jane Lauder was appointed to the role of Enterprise Marketing and Chief Data Officer for the company in June 2020. In this new position, Jane is leading our company-wide strategy to build our data-empowered, digitally-directed priorities to accelerate growth, while driving breakthrough brand marketing and creative by optimizing our vast and valuable data and integrating our analytic capabilities.

nnovation is fundamental to our strategy, and despite the challenges in late fiscal 2020, new products once again represented over 25 percent of sales for the fiscal year. Innovation is also expected to play a vital role in fiscal 2021, powering the engines of the moment and of the future. We announced two significant innovations in Skin Care in fiscal 2021: La Mer introduced its new The Concentrate, and Estée Lauder launched its new Advanced Night Repair Synchronized Multi-Recovery Complex with a breakthrough formula.

We aim to create products and services in all aspects of our business that consumers have never dreamed of, but can’t live without, and this year was no exception.

Reimagining Our Future Through Transformation

We are driven by our “run to win today, transform to lead tomorrow” mindset, which motivates us to be the best we can be every day, and to continually reimagine our company’s future. For us, Transformation has become part of our DNA: an integrated capability that is key to our continued momentum.

To facilitate our ability to change and quickly capitalize on areas of opportunity, we have a dedicated strategic program and cross-functional team focused solely on Transformation. This unique approach enables us to nimbly deploy, and shift, if necessary, resources to the most attractive opportunities across our business, positioning our company for both short- and long-term success. During fiscal 2020, our Transformation capability generated significant results across our business, enabling us to build on growth opportunities across categories, geographies, channels and consumer segments with agility and speed.

The pandemic has advanced many of the trends identified through our Compass, which has created a need to accelerate the execution of our strategy. As Online has quickly grown, we are moving to more aggressively adjust our brick-and-mortar footprint and more closely align with how and where the consumer wants to shop. We recently announced the Post-COVID Business Acceleration Program, which is designed to rapidly reallocate our resources, enabling us to invest in the greatest opportunities for long-term, sustainable growth, like Online, Skin Care and China. Beyond productivity improvements in our brick-and-mortar footprint, we expect the program to better position us to capitalize on our omnichannel strategy.

Investing in Our Greatest Strength: Our People

Our people are our greatest, and most valuable, strength. Particularly during one of the most challenging times we have faced, we are proud to recognize the incredible compassion and resilience of our employees who continue to support their communities and each other, while also working to mitigate the business impacts of COVID-19 and drive the recovery of growth. They have truly exemplified our belief in “Leadership from Every Chair.”

We remain focused on leading with sensitivity and care as we support our employees, recognizing that our regions are at different stages of the pandemic. In April, we convened a Medical Advisory Board of leading physicians and health professionals, to partner closely with our internal Health and Safety Team and company leaders to guide appropriate health, wellness and safety policies and protocols for our business moving forward.

Even as parts of our business have been operating remotely, we have continued to prioritize the sharing of cross-generational expertise and cultivating talent within our workforce. Our company-wide CEO Global Reverse Mentor Program pairs younger talent with seasoned leaders, began as a way to keep the leadership team up-to-date on millennial and Gen Z habits and preferences has continued, with mentors advising on dynamics specific to virtual and remote working and other key trends. While many summer internship programs looked different this year, our summer internship took place virtually, and comprised of over 150 students across our brands, regions and functions, demonstrating our continued commitment to investing in the talent of the future. Additionally, we offer Presidential Management Associate (PMA) and Presidential Associate (PA) programs designed to attract, develop and retain top MBA and undergraduate talent.

We have always prided ourselves on being a learning organization, and we are committed to continuously investing in and developing our talent. From our newest employees to our most seasoned executives, learning and development is critical to our ability to create trends, anticipate changes and swiftly adapt to the shifting needs and desires of our global consumers. Nearly 10,000 employees participate in learning opportunities offered each year, including development and training programs, and even more have access to resources and education platforms that enhance their knowledge and experience.

Our Commitments and Values

COVID-19 Relief Efforts

Over the last few months of fiscal 2020, the company, its charitable foundation, the Lauder family and our employees made donations and pledges to organizations around the world to help limit the spread of COVID-19 and ease the related hardships faced by the communities in which we live and work. I encourage you to read more from our Executive Chairman William P. Lauder about our global and local efforts in fiscal 2020.

Throughout this time of great uncertainty, I am incredibly proud of our employees’ ongoing commitments to living our company values by contributing to relief efforts and acting as leaders within their communities. From providing monetary contributions to our global communities, to providing products for front-line workers, to producing hand sanitizer for high-need groups and populations, our employees are leading with purpose and continuing to do their part and give back.

Our Foundational Commitment to Inclusion and Diversity

Our company’s achievements are driven by our talented and diverse global community of employees, and our values of respect for the individual, inclusion and equality. We proudly recognize these attributes as core to our strength, while acknowledging that we can and will do more.

William, our entire leadership team and I are committed to doing the enduring work necessary to make equity a reality at The Estée Lauder Companies. For this reason, in June 2020 we announced a comprehensive set of commitments to act with urgency on achieving racial equity, including:

istening and learning, to foster a stronger internal culture of advocacy and inclusion

Focusing on talent and opportunity, to ensure that we are providing more equitable access to professional development and advancement

Investing for change through a three-year $10 million pledge from the company, its foundation, employee matching gifts and the Lauder family to support non-profits and other organizations

Since announcing our commitments, we have held numerous town halls with our employees, begun to identify gaps in our professional development and advancement opportunities for our existing Black talent, and continued to review products for cultural sensitivity and local relevancy, among other actions. We are committed to doing more as allies at our company and in our communities, and I encourage you to read more about our specific actions and progress here.

Commitments and actions like these will help us build a stronger, more successful company and society, and we look forward to making continued progress in the years to come.

Efforts Toward a More Sustainable World

Despite the ongoing challenges of the current environment, we remain steadfast in delivering progress against our citizenship and sustainability strategy, goals and targets. We have long recognized our responsibility to safeguard the health and beauty of our planet and our communities, but today, the urgency and importance is clearer than ever. I am proud of our company, our brands and our employees for their dedication and hard work in these critical areas.

In fiscal 2020, the company’s growing renewable energy portfolio expanded with new, on-site solar projects and the execution of a virtual purchase power agreement (VPPA) for a wind farm in Oklahoma. This agreement made The Estée Lauder Companies the first prestige beauty company to execute a VPPA and is the company’s largest renewable energy contract globally, enabling us to achieve our RE100 commitment of 100 percent renewable electricity in the United States and Canada one year ahead of schedule.

As consumer interest in ingredients has grown, we have responded by increasing our transparency about our products. In fiscal 2020, Aveda, Origins, Clinique and La Mer published initial ingredient glossaries on their websites. During fiscal 2021, we look forward to continuing to engage with consumers on this topic. Alongside ingredients-focused initiatives, the company launched Sustainable Packaging Guidelines for its package developers and procurement teams, an important step toward the goal of making 75-100 percent of packaging recyclable, refillable, reusable, recycled or recoverable by the end of calendar 2025.

Many of our enterprise initiatives continue to focus on supporting women and girls globally. Fiscal 2020 marked the 27th Anniversary of our Breast Cancer Campaign, which has raised more than $89 million globally for lifesaving research, education and medical services. As the COVID-19 pandemic presents new barriers to in-school learning and particular challenges for women and girls around the world, The Estée Lauder Companies’ Charitable Foundation’s (ELCCF) Girls’ Education Initiative continues to provide an unwavering investment in girls’ education, specifically for non-profit partner organizations working tirelessly to ensure that girls across the globe have the resources and safe spaces they need to continue learning. We are also continuing to cultivate our longstanding partnership with The Young Women’s Leadership Schools (TYWLS), a network of all-girls public schools aimed at helping at-risk youth reach their learning and leadership potential and attend college.

A Bright and Beautiful Future Ahead

There is no doubt that we are living and working in a moment unlike any other, and yet, we have never been more confident in our strategy and our diversified portfolio of brands. We are proud of the accomplishments we have achieved, well-equipped to face the challenges of today, and even better positioned to embrace the opportunities of tomorrow.

We continue to believe that strong consumer demand for our high-quality products remains, despite the ongoing challenges and disruptions related to the global pandemic. We anticipate global prestige beauty to progressively return to growth during fiscal 2021, and expect to continue to build global share.

We are grateful to our consumers for the trust they have placed in us and are energized by their tremendous love and enthusiasm. We are deeply inspired by our employees’ resilience, creativity and spirit, and forever grateful for the countless ways they are making our company, and our world, a better place. For all of these reasons and more, we look forward to a bright and beautiful future. And we thank you for joining us on this exciting journey, together.

Fabrizio Freda
