Dear Fellow Shareholders: 2021 was a remarkable year for Foot Locker, Inc., with the Company achieving record sales and profits, driven by healthy demand in our category, a favorable promotional environment, and strong execution by the team against our strategic imperatives to Elevate the Customer Experience, Invest for Long-Term Growth, Drive Productivity, and Leverage the Power of Our People. We remain committed to our purpose to inspire and empower youth culture and further our connection to the sport and sneaker communities. This unwavering commitment, using our strategic imperatives as a guide, has allowed us to make great progress in further diversifying our business across brands, categories, channels, and banners, including the acquisition of two unique and scalable assets. Additionally, our focus on ESG issues has yielded important achievements through programs like our Leading Education & Economic Development (LEED) initiative that was launched to support the Black community. Let me elaborate on the progress we’ve made this past year in these key areas. Diversifying Our Product Mix We know that our consumers demand choice across a variety of brands and categories, so we continue to work to broaden our selection, including leaning into brands where we are underpenetrated, the introduction of new partner brands, a bigger focus on apparel, including an expansion of our own private labels and controlled brands. • In 2021, we saw increased vendor diversity with most of our top 20 vendors showing strong growth. • We grew the overall business, even as the penetration of our largest vendor declined to approximately 68% of purchases, down from 75% in 2020. • We built on recent brand and product additions that showcase the expanding breadth of our consumer’s sneaker closet covering athletic, outdoor, and seasonal. • Our apparel strategy yielded strong results, growing the category by approximately 40% to $1.4 billion in annual sales for the first time in Foot Locker, Inc.’s history. o We launched new private labels including LCKR, our new menswear line, and Cozi, our new womenswear line, both of which are off to a great start. o We also continued to develop exclusive partnerships like All City by Just Don, an exclusive lifestyle basketball brand that is inspired by the spirit of community, and curated drops by Melody Ehsani, our Creative Director of our women’s business. Investing in Growth We added two high-growth companies – WSS and atmos – to the Foot Locker family, each with their own differentiated strengths. These strategic acquisitions expand our customer base and geographic reach, strengthen our store footprint, and further diversify our product mix across consumers and price points. • WSS, which we expect to double to approximately $1 billion in sales by 2024, gives us a strong off-mall presence in expanding markets with a full family offering and a special connection to the rapidly growing Hispanic community. • atmos, which we expect to grow by 30% to approximately $300 million of sales over the next three years, provides us with a foothold in Japan and a key launching point into the rest of Asia with a digitally-led business model that incorporates premium product and creative use of collaborations to generate excitement. We also continue to expand our reach into Asia through our Foot Locker banner, adding 10 stores in 2021, bringing our total to 30 stores, furthering our penetration in the region. Real Estate Flexibility and Off-Mall Pivot Our real estate portfolio provides us with a tremendous amount of flexibility as we look to optimize our store base for our consumer. In 2021, we made the strategic decision to wind down the Footaction banner, closing most stores but converting approximately one-third to other banners, with that process mostly complete at the end of the year. While a difficult decision, this transition demonstrates the flexibility of our fleet as we manage a portfolio of retail brands. Including WSS, our off-mall mix now stands at 21% of our stores in North America, up from 14% in 2018. In addition to WSS, driving that shift are our Community & Power stores which enhance both our off-mall presence as well as our connection with communities by bringing life to a wider and richer, more locally relevant product assortment. These stores help us build authentic relationships with our customers at the hyper local level by incorporating elements from their communities into the physical designs, partnering with local businesses and organizations, and engaging local artists, athletes and influencers. Product from local designers is given special activation, and stores are staffed with local personnel to deepen the ties to the community as well. Meanwhile, we have reduced the average remaining lease life of our North America mall stores to approximately three years, down from over four years in 2018, providing us increased flexibility to optimize our real estate footprint. Omni-Channel Evolution and Connection with Our Customer In addition to our strategies around product and our physical footprint, we also continue to enhance our omni-channel offering, as well as drive engagement with our customers through our loyalty program, FLX. • Our new e-commerce platform was fully rolled out across Foot Locker Europe, with improved navigation and page load speeds helping to drive increased conversion. • We rolled out new payment options like Apple Pay, Google Pay, Klarna, and Afterpay across various regions. • We continued to add vendors to our drop ship program, which allows us to add to our assortment and availability, effectively creating an endless aisle for the consumer while not increasing our inventory levels or working capital needs. • FLX, our loyalty program, saw impressive growth this year. In Europe, we continued to roll out the program across the region with more to come in 2022. Overall, active members grew by over 50%, and the sales capture rate increased from 50% in 2020 to nearly 70% in 2021. Organizational Enhancements to Advance Long-Term Global Growth and Power Our Omni-Channel Ecosystem In November 2021, we made certain organizational enhancements, including elevating Frank Bracken to the new role of Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, to advance our long-term global growth and power our omni-channel ecosystem. The marketplace and consumers we serve are changing dynamically, making this an ideal time to enhance an integrated omni-channel ecosystem, and to strengthen our commercial capabilities. The addition of a Chief Operating Officer creates a more streamlined and agile organizational structure that builds on the success of our geo-focused growth strategy. We will be in a stronger position to address new and emerging opportunities and to grow our connectivity with our consumers and the communities we serve. Also, as part of a planned succession strategy, in April 2021, Andrew Page joined the Company as our new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, replacing Lauren Peters, who retired from the Company after 24 years of service. These organizational enhancements underscore our focus on aligning our operations and finance teams to drive organizational productivity. This also reflects the Company’s focus on creating a world-class omni-channel customer experience while it continues to pursue its global growth agenda. Highlights of our 2021 Financial Results Total sales for 2021 increased almost 19% to approximately $9 billion, the highest in Foot Locker, Inc.’s history, driven by strong performance in most of our top 20 brands and solid growth in women’s and apparel. All regions posted double-digit comps, with particular strength in EMEA and Asia-Pacific, both up over 20%. In North America, Foot Locker US, Kids Foot Locker, and Champs Sports all grew comparable sales by mid-teens or better. Supply chain disruption related to ongoing effects from COVID-19 resulted in unusually lean inventories, which combined with strong demand, led to exceptional full price selling and low markdowns, and drove our gross margins to record levels. Meanwhile, solid execution allowed us to leverage SG&A despite elevated inflationary pressure across our business. As a result, Adjusted EBIT margins reached 12.5%, the highest level in the past five years. Earnings on an adjusted basis rose to $7.77 per share, a 176.5% increase over last year’s EPS, and our Return on Invested Capital was 17.4%, above the mid-teens long-term target we set in 2019. A Balanced Approach to Capital Allocation Our strong financial position is the foundation on which we can pursue our strategic priorities and build on our position at the center of sneaker and youth culture, while also continuing to return a meaningful percentage of earnings to our shareholders through dividends and our opportunistic share repurchase program. Our capital allocation priorities remain unchanged: invest in the growth of our business and return cash to our shareholders through periodic dividend payments as well as opportunistic share repurchases. After investing in our business, we generated $457 million of free cash flow in 2021. Combined with our strong cash balance entering the year, we were able to fund two strategic acquisitions and other minority investments, pay $101 million in dividends, buy back $348 million of stock, and still end the year with a strong $347 million net cash position after issuing debt of $400 million. In February 2022, our Board approved a 33% increase in our quarterly dividend, to 40 cents per share, a return to pre-pandemic levels, as well as a new $1.2 billion share repurchase program. Community and Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Efforts We recognize that investors and their advocacy groups are increasingly focused on companies’ ESG practices and have placed increasing importance on the implications and social cost of their investments. Furthermore, as a company, we understand that how we achieve our purpose is just as important as the results we achieve. Therefore, our commitment to ESG remains an integral part of how we manage the business, interact with the communities we serve, create an inclusive and diverse workplace and culture, and sustain value by making decisions that are good for the environment. As we approach the second anniversary of our LEED commitment to support the Black community, I am proud to report the numerous accomplishments we have achieved through our pledge to invest $200 million over five years: • Our open-to-buy program has launched more than 40 brands, including $10 million invested in Black-owned brands and creators. • The “Designing with Sole” program powered by PENSOLE and New Balance created an opportunity for underrepresented voices in the footwear industry. Social responsibility and community are at the core of who we are. We expanded our associate scholarship program to 30 recipients. • Our BRIDGE internship program continued to create pathways for talented store team members to work in our corporate offices. • We enrolled nearly 100 team members in McKinsey & Company’s Black Leadership Academy, a development and mentorship program that extends from executive mentorship to management capabilities. • We announced $1.5 million in grants through the Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) to 16 community organizations focused on advancing equity in Black, Indigenous, and People of Color communities. • We also worked to advance diversity in how VC funds are allocated by investing in six Black-owned venture capital firms. In addition to our work with LEED, the Foot Locker Foundation continues to fund our external scholarship programs, as well as our recurring donations to the Boys & Girls Club, UNCF, and the Two Ten Footwear Foundation. As part of our greenhouse gas stewardship, we recently announced our ambition to achieve net zero GHG emissions by 2050 or sooner, in alignment with climate scientists’ recommendations to transition toward a net zero state and avoid the worst impacts of climate change. To learn more about our efforts to power a more sustainable future, please see our impact report at investors.footlockerinc.com/impactreport in which we detail our various efforts around these important issues that are impacting our business and the world every day. Thank You 2021 was another year of challenges related to COVID-19, supply chain disruption, and availability of product, but our team executed extremely well to deliver these record results, and I want to thank every team member at Foot Locker, Inc. for their hard work, dedication, and commitment. Our Board of Directors plays a critical role in helping us position the Company for long-term success, and I want to thank all of our directors for their expertise, guidance, and support. In particular, I want to extend a special thank you to Matt McKenna who will be retiring from the Board this year after 16 years of service and contribution, particularly in financial and investment matters. I would also like to welcome to the Board, Gina Drosos, who brings to the board her extensive experience in branding, marketing, global operations, and business expansions into new product lines, retail channels, and geographies. I look forward to building on the strong relationship we have with our shareholders, and I would like to thank all of you for your ongoing support of the Company as we pursue our strategic objectives. The future for Foot Locker, Inc. is bright, and I am confident in the strategic direction of the Company as we continue to evolve and diversify our business to achieve our purpose to Inspire and Empower Youth Culture and best serve the sport and sneaker communities.

Richard A. Johnson 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
