AS I AM SURE YOU ALL AGREE, 2020 WAS AN UNPRECEDENTED YEAR AND ONE WE WILL NOT SOON FORGET. GameStop’s ability to execute successfully and navigate the various operating challenges presented by the global pandemic is a direct reflection of our organization’s adaptiveness and ability to pivot when it counts most. I am particularly proud of how our team members met, and in many cases, exceeded the expectations of our customers by greeting them during curbside pickups, packing orders that shipped from stores, assisting with on-line orders, and offering advice to customers in-store. Throughout this time, our top priority was safeguarding the health and wellbeing of our associates, customers, and communities. I would like to personally thank our entire GameStop team for all that was accomplished in 2020 and for its incredibly hard work meeting our customers’ needs whenever, however, and wherever they chose to shop. I am very grateful for our team’s dedication to our customers and our brand. Despite the various challenges we faced, 2020 saw significant accomplishments towards our transformation. Specifically, we: • Generated a 191% increase in global E-Commerce sales to represent approximately 29% of total net sales—up from a low-single-digit percentage historically—and reflecting investments during the year that enhanced our E-Commerce capabilities. This growth allowed us to recapture a substantial majority of sales from temporary government-mandated store closings as a result of COVID-19. • Leveraged our improved fulfillment capabilities, including the initial roll-out of same-day delivery and several flexible payment options, which helped to facilitate sales and improved customers’ shopping experience. • Delivered over a $400 million reduction in our reported SG&A expenses compared to the prior year, as a result of ongoing cost optimization efforts. This led to a two-year SG&A reduction of $530 million, before severance and transformation costs taken in 2019. • Continued to transform our physical store presence through ongoing market optimization and global de-densification efforts. We closed a net 693 stores and reduced store operating costs for the year, while transferring a portion of store sales to E-Commerce and to neighboring locations. • Enhanced our financial position and flexibility with a stronger balance sheet, reflecting significant improvements in inventory management and related working capital, a healthier overall cash and liquidity position, a material reduction in overall debt, and the completion of a debt exchange offer. As we look ahead, our priorities are focused on building on the many successes of 2020 to further our strategy to transform into a customer-obsessed technology company that delights gamers. We are working to create a differentiated customer experience that positions us to access new customers, further engage with existing ones, and reactivate former ones, while also focusing on initiatives that drive customer lifetime value. We are focused on providing exceptional customer service levels across all of our channels, regardless of where, when, or how our customers shop with us, and will leverage our streamlined retail footprint to provide an unparalleled service proposition with a focus on surprising and delighting our customers. The strategic initiatives that support our goals include: 1. Investing in technology capabilities, including our E-commerce presence, systems, and customer-insights gathering. 2. Building a superior customer experience, including by establishing a U.S.-based customer care operation. 3. Expanding our product catalogue and addressable market. Certain emerging categories represent natural extensions that we believe our customers expect from us. 4. Growing our distribution footprint fulfillment operations to improve speed of delivery and service. This will enable us to provide customers convenient, flexible, and competitive delivery options across the entire product spectrum. We expect to accelerate these and other elements of our transformation while continuing to focus on allowing the company to capitalize on the new console cycle. We finished 2020 a stronger company with the strategy, team, operating platform, and liquidity to position GameStop to move to the next phase of our transformation and achieve our goal of achieving consistent, long-term profitable growth. GameStop is the only retailer of scale exclusively focused on the gaming industry and adjacent categories. We firmly believe we have a unique opportunity to become the ultimate destination for gamers. Thank you to all of our associates, customers, and business partners for your continued support. We remain very excited about the momentum we have and the many positive changes we are making, all of which we believe will deliver long-term value creation for our stakeholders. Sincerely, 

George E. Sherman 

Chief Executive Officer
