Dear Fellow Shareholders: As I look back on fiscal 2021, I am tremendously proud of the accomplishments we delivered during difficult times, and I am grateful for the hard work of our talented and committed team members around the world. General Mills has prospered for more than 150 years because of the dedication of our people, our strong brands, our resilient categories and our ability to adapt to ever-changing consumer, societal and environmental conditions. These core strengths have never been more important. Since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have seen dramatic changes in consumer behavior that have required us to quickly evolve and ultimately have made us a stronger and more agile company. I am particularly encouraged by the development and execution of our new Accelerate strategy to drive sustainable, profitable growth and top tier returns for our shareholders over the long term. We are prioritizing the markets and global platforms that offer the greatest prospects for profitable growth, while focusing on making investments and taking actions that create competitive advantage. Importantly, our Accelerate strategy gives intention to our purpose of making food the world loves and requires that we take action to be a force for good for our consumers and communities. Our accomplishments over the past year are a true reflection of our Accelerate strategy and of our purpose. Guided by our Accelerate strategy, we set three specific priorities at the beginning of fiscal 2021. We said that we would compete effectively everywhere we play, drive efficiency to fuel investment in our brands and capabilities and reduce our debt to increase financial flexibility. I am pleased to report that we achieved each of our priorities. We recorded market share gains across each of our five global platforms: cereal, pet food, ice cream, snack bars and Mexican food. We generated strong levels of cost savings and meaningfully increased our investment in brand building activities and in strategic capabilities such as E-commerce, digital, data & analytics and strategic revenue management. Our disciplined cash management allowed us to reduce debt and resume dividend growth and share repurchase activity during fiscal 2021. In addition to delivering on our key priorities, we took actions informed by our Accelerate strategy that will be critical to enhancing our future growth. We announced portfolio reshaping transactions that will enhance the growth and margin profile of our enterprise, including the proposed sale of our European Yoplait operations, and more recently, the purchase of Tyson Foods’ pet treat business, which will strengthen our position in the fast-growing U.S. pet food category. We are also taking significant steps to reshape our organization to better align with the Accelerate strategy. By streamlining parts of our structure to bring our functions and capabilities closer to the business, these changes will direct our talent and resources against the key drivers of our strategy. I am especially proud of the many ways our teams continue to live out our purpose of making food the world loves. Recognizing that everything we do touches the lives of people and communities – now, and for years to come – we are determined to have our work lead to a better future. As the pandemic increased food insecurity around the world, we launched a manufacture-to-donate initiative, making food and distributing it with the singular goal of helping feed children and families in need. We increased our charitable giving, providing greater financial and food resources to help meet unprecedented need. We acted quickly to put in place new measures to keep our employees safe. When a long overdue conversation on racial injustice and social inequalities began in our hometown, we met the moment again. We made new commitments to help achieve greater equity in food access, education and representation and strengthened our resolve to make a positive impact on upholding human rights in all our communities around the world. As we look to the challenges ahead, we begin with the firm belief that a global food company can be a force for good. The natural resources that we depend upon are being reduced as the world’s needs increase, and simply sustaining the status quo is not enough. We have set aggressive goals to reduce greenhouse gas emissions across our entire value chain, and we are investing in the potential of agriculture to ensure a thriving future for both people and planet. To that end, we are working to drive meaningful change through regenerative agriculture, a holistic approach to farming that improves environmental, social and economic resilience. Now as we emerge from the pandemic, it’s clear that consumer behaviors are not returning to what they once were. The rapid growth in E-commerce, the likelihood that many office workers will have some degree of remote work and the increased appreciation consumers have gained for cooking and baking over the past 18 months will have lasting impacts and will create opportunity. Simply put, we are ending one period of significant consumer disruption only to start another. We enter fiscal 2022 ready to compete and win in this highly dynamic consumer environment. We will continue to execute our Accelerate strategy, focusing on three priorities that will be critical to our success. First, we will continue to compete effectively, prioritizing our core markets, global platforms and local gem brands, and leveraging our brandbuilding, innovation, strategic capabilities and force for good work to deliver competitive performance. Second, we will successfully navigate the dynamic cost environment, leveraging our Holistic Margin Management productivity program, Strategic Revenue Management pricing actions and other efficiency efforts to address input cost inflation and other cost headwinds. Finally, we will execute our portfolio and organization reshaping actions without disrupting our base business. Our long history of success and our perseverance over the past year give me great confidence in our ability to adapt and evolve to deliver outstanding financial results while staying true to our company purpose of making food the world loves. I want to close by thanking you, our shareholders, for your investment in General Mills and your confidence in our plans for future growth. On behalf of our 35,000 talented employees around the world, I want you to know that we remain confident that we will emerge from the pandemic a stronger company in a position to generate consistent, profitable growth and top tier returns over the long term.

Sincerely,

JEFFREY L. HARMENING 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
