Dear Fellow Stockholders: As they have for more than 100 years, consumers turned to Hanesbrands in 2020 for their everyday apparel, trusting in the outstanding value – and comfort – provided by our great products. We can be proud that our iconic brands resonated with consumers around the world in 2020. As COVID-19 spread, we placed the highest priority on the health and safety of our associates, consumers, customers and communities and enhanced our health and safety procedures around the world. Our management team and Board of Directors acted swiftly to preserve cash, create balance sheet flexibility and build strong liquidity. We also leveraged our global supply chain to effectively serve key channels – including mass retail and e-commerce – amid shutdowns and retail closures. Most importantly, our 61,000 associates around the world met every challenge that came their way in 2020, and we are grateful for their hard work and dedication. Their efforts have put our company in excellent position for the future. As we completed the year, Hanesbrands began making rapid progress in unlocking our full potential and delivering long-term growth and enhanced profitability. We are simplifying our company and working to move faster. We are delivering innovative products, and we are putting the consumer at the center of everything we do. We look forward to building our global Champion brand, growing our U.S. Innerwear business by appealing to younger consumers, building e-commerce excellence and streamlining our global portfolio in 2021 and beyond. We continue to build on our legacy of strong corporate citizenship and social responsibility as one of Ethisphere’s World’s Most Ethical Companies in 2021. We are proud of our commitment to environmental stewardship, workplace quality and community building around the world. We approach sustainability from a broad perspective and focus our efforts in areas addressed by the United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals. In 2020, we continued our commitment to make the world a more comfortable, livable and inclusive place by establishing new, wide-ranging 2030 global sustainability goals and launching a new sustainability website, www.HBISustains.com, that increases our transparency and reporting on key metrics, in accordance with the Taskforce on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) guidelines. These efforts build upon our long-standing commitment to sustainability. Hanesbrands earned an industry-leading “A” in the 2020 CDP Climate Change Report, following strong “A-” scores in 2018 and 2019, and has been a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Energy Star Sustained Excellence Award winner for eleven consecutive years. We are members of the Fair Labor Association, the Sustainable Apparel Coalition, The Sustainability Consortium and the Corporate Eco Forum, and we have been recognized for our socially responsible business practices by such organizations as social compliance rating group Free2Work, the United Way, Corporate Responsibility magazine and others. We also take pride in our commitment to responsible corporate governance. Our Board is composed of a group of industry-leading experts with diverse ethnicities, genders, experiences and backgrounds who work with management to drive long-term, sustainable performance and create value for our stockholders. Over half of our nine directors are considered diverse, with three women and two AfricanAmericans. We’re very proud that our Board reflects our values in that way. Our directors engage in the Company’s strategic planning and provide independent guidance and oversight on the economic, operational and legal risks that we face. The Board has been active during the pandemic, holding a number of virtual meetings and receiving regular updates from management on the shifts in business and financial performance, as well as employee health and safety. Many Hanesbrands employees continue to work remotely with limited to no business disruption, demonstrating the effectiveness of the business continuity and cybersecurity plans regularly reviewed by the Board and the Audit Committee. Our 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held on Tuesday, April 27, 2021, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. This year, in light of the public health impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held entirely online. The virtual meeting will also allow for greater participation by all of our stockholders, regardless of their geographic location. Please see the Notice of Annual Meeting on page 12 for more information about how to virtually attend and participate in the Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, please vote at your earliest convenience. We appreciate your confidence and continued support of Hanesbrands. Sincerely yours,

STEPHEN B. BRATSPIES 

Chief Executive Officer
