Dear Shareholders: 

Operating in an Unprecedented Year 

As we all know, fiscal 2020 was a year full of challenge and uncertainty as the world navigated the global pandemic brought on by the COVID-19 virus, civil unrest, and the most active hurricane and wildfire season on record. In my more than 20 years with The Home Depot, I have never been more thankful for the culture that our founders instilled in the business over 40 years ago. Our values provide the lens through which we evaluate our decisions, and anchoring to them in this time of crisis was critical to our success. Our focus has been and continues to be on two key priorities: the safety and well-being of our associates and customers, and providing our customers and communities with the products and services they need. The team’s alignment around these two objectives enabled critical speed and flexibility when making decisions and implementing a number of changes across the business. At the onset of the pandemic, to promote safety for associates and customers, we implemented changes in our stores, including reducing store hours, proactively limiting the number of customers in a store, and eliminating certain traffic driving events. We also instituted a number of operational changes like floor markings, plexiglass shields, and a requirement that all associates and customers wear masks or facial coverings while in our U.S. stores and other facilities. In addition to safety, we focused on making operational changes to better support the customer experience. Those changes were supported by investments in technology and infrastructure that helped us to extend our buy online, pick-up in-store offering to curbside in a matter of days and convert a newly opened Market Delivery Center to a Direct Fulfillment Center in order to reduce online delivery lead times and improve the customer experience. The further mechanization of our upstream supply chain helped us to better flow product to our stores, while investments in tools for our store associates and merchandising execution teams helped to get that product to shelves for the customer more quickly and efficiently. We invested a total of approximately $2 billion on enhanced compensation and benefits in fiscal 2020, including expanded paid time off for all hourly associates to use at their discretion, the implementation of a temporary weekly bonus program and double pay for overtime worked during a portion of the year. Associates also received record Success Sharing payments, our profit sharing program for hourly associates, in fiscal 2020. In addition, we offered benefits such as free unlimited emotional and mental health counseling, free medical advice, and extended dependent care benefits. And, as we announced in the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we have transitioned from temporary COVID-19 benefits to permanent compensation enhancements for our frontline, hourly associates. 

Investing in The One Home Depot 

We never thought it would have been possible for the business to grow by over $21 billion in fiscal 2020. For context, it took us 19 years as a company to achieve the first $20 billion in total sales, and we outgrew that in one year alone. This was enabled by investments we have made in the business, which provided us the agility and flexibility to execute in the dynamic operating environment, as well as the team’s solid execution and cross-functional alignment. It is our opinion that retailers that create a seamless, interconnected experience, blending the physical and digital worlds, will be positioned well in the marketplace. Our digital properties experienced record traffic throughout the year, demonstrating the strength of our interconnected retail strategy. Sales leveraging our digital platforms increased 86 percent versus the prior year, and approximately 60 percent of online orders were fulfilled through the store. The acceleration of growth in our interconnected and digital offerings gave us the opportunity to showcase, in a very condensed timeframe, new capabilities and different ways for customers to engage with The Home Depot. Our strategic initiatives continued to progress during the year despite an extremely difficult operating environment. Key components of our One Home Depot strategy, such as the opening of various supply chain facilities, technology investments, and enhancements to the digital experience remain on track. At the onset of the pandemic, in an effort to prioritize safety, we decided to pause certain in-store investments, such as merchandising resets. These initiatives restarted during the second half of the year, and we anticipate that all accelerated investments related to our stores will be completed by the end of fiscal 2021. As we closed fiscal 2020, we had nearly completed our multi-year, accelerated investment program. We have more conviction than ever that we have been investing in the right areas of the business and will continue to invest to extend our competitive advantages and enable market share growth in any environment. We believe that our scale, combined with a low-cost position and continuous focus on the customer, will help us win in a highly competitive marketplace and deliver exceptional returns for shareholders.

“We have more conviction than ever that we have been investing in the right areas of the business and will continue to invest to extend our competitive advantages and enable market share growth in any environment.”

Fiscal 2020 Financial Highlights 

Our results for the year clearly indicate that for many customers, the home has never been more important. During fiscal 2020, total sales grew $21.9 billion to $132.1 billion, an increase of approximately 20 percent compared to fiscal 2019. Fiscal 2020 comparable sales growth was 19.7 percent for the total company and 20.6 percent in the U.S. Our fiscal 2020 net earnings were $12.9 billion, and earnings per diluted share increased 16.5 percent to $11.94.

One thing that did not change in fiscal 2020 is our disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our first principle is to reinvest in the business to drive growth faster than the market. In addition to our other investments, at the end of fiscal 2020 we completed the acquisition of HD Supply Holdings, Inc., a leading national distributor of maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) products in the multifamily and hospitality end markets. We believe the acquisition of HD Supply strategically positions us to drive accelerated sales growth in a highly fragmented, $55 billion marketplace. Our second capital allocation principle is to grow our dividend with earnings. During Fiscal 2020 we remained committed to paying our quarterly dividend, and for the year, we returned approximately $6.5 billion to our shareholders in dividends. And finally, while we remain committed to our third principle of returning excess capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases, the ongoing uncertainty presented by the pandemic led us to temporarily suspend share repurchases to strengthen our liquidity position. Our strong liquidity position at the end of fiscal 2020 reflects our outstanding cash flow generation, and we resumed our share repurchases during the first quarter of fiscal 2021. In closing, I want to thank our supplier partners for their support and partnership throughout this year. I am also incredibly proud of our team’s effort, and I want to thank our associates for the way they have lived our values by serving our customers, communities and each other during these unquestionably challenging times.



Craig Menear
