In fiscal year 2021, in the face of unprecedented challenges and disruption, we delivered incredible financial results while also progressing towards our long-term vision. Our strong results were driven by the hard work and passion of our employees and reflect improved execution of our strategy, continued elevated at-home consumption and sustained momentum for our brands. Our performance also positively reflects our commitment to our values, as realized through our Basic Beliefs, which guide our decisions and actions and have supported our ability to endure the unprecedented challenges we have faced. The growth of our brands continues to be foundational to realizing our short-term and long-term objectives, and we made tremendous progress to support this in fiscal year 2021. Notable achievements from the past year: • Achieved record net sales, profits and cash flow, while increasing investments in our brands. • Leveraged continued investment in product innovation and brand marketing to grow brand share incrementally each quarter, with 55 percent of our brands growing share in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021, compared to 37 percent growing share in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020. • Sustained our leadership in the spreads category, highlighted by sales growth for our Jif ® brand, while investing in the continued growth of Smucker’s® Uncrustables® household penetration, adding 1.9 million new households year-over-year. • Maintained positive momentum for our pet food and pet snacks strategy by delivering net sales growth for our market-leading dog snacks and cat food businesses and progress in advancing the Rachael Ray ® Nutrish® brand across the dog food, cat food, dog snacks and cat snacks segments. • Elevated our leadership in the coffee category with Folgers®, Dunkin’ ® and Café Bustelo® in the top 10 in category dollar sales. Along with delivering strong financial results and supporting the growth of our brands, we progressed our executional priorities, which we outlined at our Investor Day in December 2020, to drive commercial excellence, streamline our cost infrastructure, reshape our portfolio and unleash our organization to win. By advancing our executional priorities, we are becoming a more focused, efficient and agile organization. Select highlights: • Continued to adapt our commercial approach to meet the evolving needs of customers and consumers. This past year, we continued to invest in growing our omni-channel presence and e-commerce business, including working with our partners to optimize assortments and how our products appear on the digital shelf, while maintaining a commitment to drive greater efficiency in the supply chain. We delivered breakthrough advertising, increased our consumer reach and drove efficiency by reducing our nonworking marketing expenses. We also began implementing a transformation of our sales and commercial delivery model to enhance our partnerships with retail customers and allow for greater focus on establishing long-term plans collaboratively. • Progressed our cost management programs and improved operating efficiencies. We made notable progress on our commitments to minimize discretionary spend and reduced expenses in our manufacturing and supply chain. • Conducted an in-depth review of our current portfolio and made difficult, but important, decisions to divest brands no longer consistent with our long-term strategic focus, including completing sales of the Crisco® and Natural Balance® businesses. These decisions underscore our commitment to further our focus on brands and categories with the greatest long-term growth opportunities. • Evolved our ways of working and made changes to our organization that increased speed and agility. We also made important progress on the environmental and social issues most directly related to our business. This included introducing an evolved Thriving Together agenda to sharpen our focus on the issues impacting the quality of life for people and pets, specifically around the needs for Quality Food, Education, Equitable & Ethical Treatment, Community Resources and a Healthier Planet. Additionally, we enhanced visibility of our actions while supporting our commitment to transparency through issuing our 2020 Environmental, Social and Governance Disclosure Report as well as our 2020 Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures Report. Fiscal Year 2021 Performance In fiscal year 2021, we delivered $8 billion in net sales, exceeding several performance goals. Financial highlights from the past year include: • Net sales of $8 billion, representing growth of 3 percent. • Adjusted earnings per share was $9.12, an increase of 4 percent. • Free cash flow was $1.26 billion, an increase of 28 percent. • Capital returned to shareholders via cash dividends and share repurchases was $1.1 billion. Growing Momentum and Confidence We are proud of the results delivered in fiscal year 2021, but, as always, must remain focused on building upon this momentum. To deliver on our business objectives, while supporting our continued progress to realize our long-term vision, I’ve outlined the following fiscal year 2022 priorities for our employees: • Inspire, enable and empower our organization to win; • Drive best-in-class go-to-market execution and commercial delivery; • Relentlessly focus on profitability and cost discipline; • Continue our portfolio optimization; and • Improve diversity across our organization and foster an inclusive and equitable workplace. With continued success in delivering on our consumercentric growth philosophy, steady progress toward the realization of our executional priorities and our talented employees’ dedication to continuous improvement, I am confident in our ability to build on the tremendous momentum of fiscal year 2021. Thank you to our employees, our partners and our shareholders. Your passion in support of our promise to deliver food people and pets love has allowed us to endure the challenges of the past year and deliver strong results. With your continued commitment, I am excited by the opportunities ahead in fiscal year 2022.

Mark T. Smucker 

President and CEO
