Dear fellow owners: We recently celebrated our 22nd birthday, all made possible by our extraordinary 22,000+ crewmembers. Despite all of the challenges of 2021, they continued to deliver the best service and product in the industry while advancing our strongly rooted mission to Inspire Humanity. What started as an airline 22 years ago has evolved into a travel company, supported by the ever-growing success of our JetBlue Travel Products and JetBlue Tech Ventures subsidiaries. I am extremely proud of our great team of crewmembers. They have laid the foundation over the past few years for JetBlue to continue disrupting the industry well into our third decade, and create an even better travel company for all of our stakeholders – our customers, crewmembers, owners, and communities. Some of the key highlights of our work in 2021 include: ■ We executed the fastest and largest operational ramp-up in the industry to serve pent-up travel demand and help our customers reconnect with the world and each other, generating revenue close to 2019 levels over the summer, outperforming the nine largest U.S. airlines. ■ We made great strides towards repairing our balance sheet, having paid down approximately $1.9 billion dollars of debt. We ended 2021 with an adjusted debt to capitalization ratio of 53%, among the strongest in the industry. ■ We brought much needed competition and customer choice to the Northeast through our Northeast Alliance (NEA) with American Airlines. ■ We disrupted the transatlantic market with the launch of our service to London with our award-winning product and service. ■ We extended our co-branded credit card partnership with meaningfully enhanced economics. ■ We rolled out our next iteration of Fare Options, delivering more value to our customers. ■ Our JetBlue Travel Products (JTP) subsidiary continued to roll out a suite of new products, contributing meaningfully to our bottom line. ■ We saw some of our JetBlue Tech Ventures (JTV) portfolio companies go public or announce plans to go public. ■ We accelerated our transition to Sustainable Aviation Fuel with the largest deal in the New York area for supply, worth over $1 billion dollars. ■ We formed the Aviation Climate Taskforce with nine other airlines and the Boston Consulting Group, focusing on the development of technologies to decarbonize aviation. ■ We reached our first contract with TWU for our inflight crewmembers. ■ We also doubled down on our investments in our crewmembers – our greatest asset – by expanding our development programs, offering candidates a path towards a career as a pilot, mechanic, or support center crewmember. Charting a Course Towards Sustained Profitability While the Omicron wave dealt a temporary setback to demand at the start of this year, we view 2022 as the continuation of a meaningful recovery. We have already seen an incredible recovery in demand through the quarter and recently hit a daily sales record. This is an encouraging trend that points to a robust spring and peak summer travel season and positions us well to recapture the recent increase in fuel prices. We are building back a stronger and more competitive JetBlue that will drive our success for many years to come. 2022 is an exciting year as many of our initiatives come to fruition and we capitalize on opportunities that wouldn’t have existed otherwise – none of which would be possible without the passion and hard work of our crewmembers. I am confident that this year will prove to be transformational for JetBlue’s structural profitability, as we look to restore our earnings power and create value for our stakeholders. Our teams are working diligently to execute on our unique and meaningful commercial initiatives, maintain a competitive cost structure, and manage a balanced approach to capital allocation. Unlocking Value for All Stakeholders Through our Network Strategy At JetBlue’s core, our high-value geography underpins our success. Building relevance in our focus cities – Boston, Fort Lauderdale, Los Angeles, New York, Orlando and San Juan – is critical to our network strategy as we continue to deliver value for our customers. In 2021, we embarked on an ambitious plan to create a viable third competitor in New York and Boston through our Northeast Alliance with American Airlines. This alliance was conceived to provide customer benefits by unlocking growth in the region, and we are well on our way to delivering on this promise. Last year, JetBlue and American collectively grew more quickly than the two large legacy network competitors across New York and Boston. Since the launch of the NEA, we announced the largest expansion of our network in the past 15 years with nine new JetBlue BlueCities and 32 new routes. This would not be possible without this alliance. Together, we’ve added over 50 new routes, including 19 international flights. We have reached $100 million dollars in gross codeshare revenue generated by the NEA in its early stages, an important milestone. Looking ahead, our primary focus for 2022 will be on executing the growth opportunities enabled by the NEA as we provide more options to both our leisure and business customers. Over three-quarters of JetBlue’s growth in 2022 is planned to be deployed in the Northeast. With a greatly enhanced network, reciprocal elite loyalty benefits, and accelerated growth that all have yet to be fully rolled out, we are bringing sorely needed competition and growth with low fares in the region. Our network is also benefitting from our recent launch of service to London from New York, a milestone accomplishment that was years in the making. We look forward to bringing JetBlue’s low fares and award-winning service to even more customers across the Atlantic as we expand service to London from Boston later this year. Differentiating our Product and Service In addition to the NEA, we have been solidly executing on key strategic and commercial initiatives to grow our revenue base. Since refreshing our Fare Options offering in mid-2021, we saw customer behavior and buy-up activity driving a meaningful revenue benefit, validating our view that we offer the best product, in every category we serve, all at low fares. On the loyalty front, we renewed our co-branded credit card agreement with Barclays and Mastercard, which is driving enhanced value for all stakeholders. In addition to the material growth in our co-brand portfolio, we rolled out reciprocal benefits for JetBlue and American customers, including elite benefits. We also announced new Mosaic benefits for 2022, including an all-new Mosaic+ tier that includes Mint upgrades. We are in the early innings of evolving our TrueBlue program to expand benefits and add value to our TrueBlue point currency. 2021 was also a banner year for our JetBlue Travel Products (JTP) subsidiary, with record revenue performance, including 50% growth in commissions revenue vs 2019 and $45M in operating income contribution. We saw growth in all of our main offerings across the JTP portfolio, setting us on a path to achieve our target of $100 million dollars in run-rate operating income contribution in 2022. Improving Unit Cost Performance Our business model is structured around maintaining low costs and offering low fares. We faced significant cost headwinds in 2021 as a result of the pandemic. Low industry traffic volumes drove significant airport rate increases; inflationary pressures have surfaced across the industry; and the deferral of maintenance events due to idle aircraft now necessitates a ‘catch up’ period. We are committed to controlling our costs and have implemented a comprehensive plan to drive a more competitive cost structure. Our teams are working purposefully in executing our plan to position JetBlue for long-term value creation. Taking a Balanced Approach to Capital Allocation to Repair our Balance Sheet While Investing in Margin-Accretive Growth We maintained a strong liquidity balance throughout 2021, ending the year with unrestricted cash and short-term investments of $2.8 billion dollars, or 35 percent of 2019 revenue. During the year, we paid down approximately $1.9 billion dollars of debt. Our adjusted debt to cap ratio ended the year at 53 percent, and our balance sheet continues to be among the strongest in the industry. Concurrently, as part of our balanced approach to capital allocation, we took delivery of 15 next-generation aircraft that are foundational to our path to generating long-term earnings growth. In 2022, we’ll welcome 12 new state-of-the-art, fuel-efficient aircraft into our fleet. Earlier this year, we also amended our agreement with Airbus to exercise 30 A220 options and accelerate the retirement of our E190 fleet. The A220’s strong economics and operational performance are key to JetBlue’s long-term cost performance, while also enabling more sustainable flying, greater flexibility to support our network strategy, and the introduction of its all-new onboard experience to more customers. We’re thrilled to be accelerating our fleet modernization plans to deliver stronger cost performance and generate enhanced earnings power. Leading the Industry with our ESG Strategy We are leading the industry in mitigating risks to ensure the long-term sustainability of our business. We are wholly committed to serving our communities, adding more diversity to our industry’s talent pipeline, and increasing sustainability in our operation. We are paving a path to achieving net zero carbon emissions by 2040. In 2021, we signed substantial deals to purchase sustainable aviation fuel – or SAF – across our airports, accelerating our path towards our target of transitioning 10% of our fuel usage to SAF by 2030. We also formed the Aviation Climate Taskforce with nine other airlines and the Boston Consulting Group, which is focused on the development of emerging technologies to decarbonize aviation. Earlier this year, we launched our Sustainable Travel Partners program, enabling our corporate customers to play a direct role in the sustainability of their business travel by purchasing SAF credits. We’re also investing in our crewmembers – our greatest asset – by expanding development opportunities and growing our talent pipeline. Representation in our Gateway programs far exceeds the industry average, and we’re excited to further grow these programs and deliver on our commitments to our crewmembers. We Expect 2022 to be a Transformational Year Looking ahead, JetBlue is poised for an exciting new chapter as we emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic. 2022 is set to be a pivotal year for our future success, as many of our investments come to fruition and as we restore our earnings power. Years of hard work and planning will come together this year across many of our airports with beautiful new terminals coming online, giving us the infrastructure we need to provide our customers with a great airport experience while we grow. With the best crewmembers in the industry, I am confident that 2022 will prove to be a transformational year for JetBlue’s structural profitability. We are solidly executing on our unique strategic and commercial initiatives, keeping a razor-sharp focus on controlling costs, and maintaining our balanced approach to capital allocation. Thanks to our 22,000+ crewmembers for their outstanding service despite the tremendous difficulties of 2021. Of course, thanks also to our owners for your continued support. 

Most sincerely,

Robin Hayes
