DEAR SHAREHOLDERS As I write this letter, cautious optimism is in the air. Vaccine rates are approaching 50% of the adult U.S. population and growing across North America. Higher levels of consumer mobility are evident in retail, restaurants and entertainment, and there is an increasing belief that the worst of the pandemic is behind us. If the last year has taught us anything, however, it is that our role is not to predict the future but, rather, to be nimble, responsive and prepared for whatever the future may bring. This mindset enabled Keurig Dr Pepper to meaningfully outperform in 2020. While some companies were devastated by the impact of the crisis, others were boosted by it. We, on the other hand, succeeded by effectively navigating the rapidly changing consumer landscape to drive the parts of our business that were performing well and overcome the dramatic declines we were experiencing in areas structurally challenged by the pandemic. Leveraging our broad portfolio, unmatched reach of our diverse distribution network and proprietary data and insights, we moved faster and with more precision than most. It was a challenging and extraordinarily difficult strategy to execute amid a global pandemic, but the end results speak for themselves. I’d like to thank the 27,000 employees of Keurig Dr Pepper for their resilience, flexibility and trust as they stepped up and rallied behind our ONE KDP mission in a manner that no one could have imagined prior to 2020. They have raised the bar for what their personal best looks like not only for themselves, but also for their teams. This will serve us well as we continue to operate in a volatile market. In 2020 we delivered high-quality financial results that met or exceeded our three-year merger targets for revenue and EPS growth, building on strong esults in 2018 and 2019. We generated significant free cash flow, enabling us to continue to pay down debt and meaningfully reduce our leverage ratio. These results were fueled by strong market share growth across our cold portfolio and the addition of three million new households into the Keurig® system. Importantly, this progress was made while continuing to invest in enhancing our leading e-commerce capabilities, strengthening our data and technology platforms and expanding manufacturing capacity, all of which will enable sustainable and efficient growth across our portfolio for years to come. Despite the challenges of 2020, we also accelerated and broadened the scope of our corporate responsibility efforts. We achieved key sustainability goals in 2020, including our longstanding commitment to make all K-Cup® pods recyclable. We also converted all Core® Hydration premium water bottles to 100% recycled PET plastic and are well on our way to doing the same for 16 ounce Snapple® bottles. We stepped up our commitment to eliminate packaging waste and are the proud co-founders of two industry coalitions investing to advance a circular economy. We also progressed our corporate responsibility agenda into new areas, including diversity and inclusion and health and wellbeing. The detailed goals, metrics and progress for each of these areas and more will be available in our annual Corporate Responsibility Report. On the corporate governance front, we transitioned in 2020 from a controlled company to a widely held one. As a result, we have enhanced our Board structure, increasing its independence and diversity and establishing the role of Lead Independent Director. I’d like to thank the Board for its unwavering support and outstanding guidance as we successfully managed through the most challenging year of our lifetime. In addition, reflecting KDP’s evolution to a modern beverage company, we transferred our stock exchange listing to Nasdaq, the home of some of the world’s fastest growing and most innovative companies. Finally, I would be remiss in discussing the past year without highlighting that 2020 brought a number of difficult and important conversations to the forefront of our society. Corporations like ours are being increasingly called upon to publicly weigh in on issues that go beyond the traditional role of shareholder and stakeholder value creation. There are no easy answers here, and we are being purposely thoughtful about engaging only on societal topics that are directly related to our business and where we are uniquely qualified to make a difference, while also maintaining our focus on delivering the core mission of our enterprise. In this regard, we do aspire to drive positive change primarily from the “inside out,” by making KDP a microcosm for a world in which we want to live and work and, in so doing, serving as an example for others. We acknowledge that we have a long way to go to achieve that ambitious goal, but we are energized by the journey and confident in our ability to make progress every day. In closing, our success in 2020 is an outstanding example of the power of focus, and we are committed to maintaining this discipline to drive our continued success. Thank you for placing your confidence and trust in Keurig Dr Pepper, as we continue to build our Modern Beverage Company. 

Sincerely,

Bob Gamgort 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
