At The Kraft Heinz Company, we talk often about the power of our scale and agility. When we began 2020, little did we know how our Company’s ability to rapidly change course and respond to a new set of realities would impact the lives of so many consumers around the world.

Last year brought us challenges unlike any we have faced in our lifetimes. First came the arrival of COVID-19, creating an unprecedented crisis of health, economic instability, and food insecurity. Months later, this once-in-a-century pandemic was followed by worldwide demands for social justice and racial equality. These crises – not to mention the ongoing threat of climate change to the world’s environment – have reshaped all of our lives. And the most vulnerable among us have been hit especially hard by all three.

The state of world events demanded that global companies like ours step up to the plate. To help feed the world. To demand justice and equality. To help create a fairer world for all of us. As one of the world’s largest food and beverage companies, we have both a responsibility and the ambition to help create a healthier and more sustainable environment.

There has never been a greater need.

Times of great change also represent great opportunity. Our 2021 ESG Report – where we reflect on what we as a Company achieved over the past year, along with the progress we still need to make – serves as a testament to our approximately 38,000 global employees who went above and beyond to support our communities and each other during 2020. If the past year taught us anything, it is that we are all connected. We all feel the impact of each other’s actions and inactions – whether as a result of a global pandemic, systemic racial injustice, or environmental change.

Looking ahead, we are committed to holding ourselves to a higher standard, stepping up to the plate to boldly address the challenges that lie ahead. We invite all of our stakeholders to join us on this journey to help transform the future.

Last year, we introduced the cross-functional approach we are taking to Environmental Social Governance (ESG) at Kraft Heinz as we work to deliver on our commitments by the year 2025. Three broad pillars center our ESG commitments and goals: Healthy Living & Community Support, Environmental Stewardship, and Responsible Sourcing. Our ESG strategy also brings to life one of our six Company Values, We do the right thing. We are committed to making this real in every aspect of our business. We are focusing on high-priority issues in areas where we can make the greatest impact. Doing the right thing is essential to how we operate – and it is essential to the success of our long-term business strategy.

Although 2020 was a year of challenges, we made significant progress against our ESG goals – including some we are especially excited about:

In the wake of last year’s crises, we provided more than $40 million in financial and product donations for COVID-19 relief, food insecurity, and social justice causes globally...

Including $1 million to support food programs and social justice organizations in African American communities most affected by social injustice and the pandemic.

We are on track to achieve our goal of delivering 1.5 billion meals to people in need around the world by 2025 – and delivered more than 200 million meals in 2020 – as part of our Company commitment to fight global hunger.

Having achieved our previous nutrition targets, in 2020 we initiated even more ambitious plans to renovate and innovate across our product portfolio.

We’re making great strides toward meeting our aim of using 100% recyclable, reusable, or compostable packaging by 2025. We’re proud that through 2020, 83% of our global packaging meets this standard.

We delivered our goal of achieving 100% free-range eggs in Europe as of Jan. 1, 2021 – meeting our commitment timeframe.

We evolved our Sustainable Agriculture Practices Manual and launched our journey to delivering Supplier Guiding Principles to further enhance our supply chain sustainability and greatly increase shared value and transparency around human rights, the environment, and our overall ESG practices.

While we believe in celebrating our successes and achievements, we also believe in holding ourselves accountable for the work that still needs to be done. Another one of our Company Values is We dare to do better every day. We must be honest and transparent about where we have fallen short. We are committed to identifying and learning from our gaps as we make real, substantial improvement across all aspects of ESG.

In 2020, we amplified our focus on Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging, which furthers our ability to fully live another two of our Company Values – We demand diversity and We are consumer obsessed. We expect our employees to look like the consumers we serve. We want the voices within our Company to reflect and represent our consumers as we innovate our products, create our marketing, and partner with customers and suppliers. We created Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging aspirations to grow our Company’s underrepresented talent around the world and foster a more inclusive company culture.

By the year 2025, we aim to achieve gender parity – which means increasing the representation of women in management from 37% to 50%. We also aim to reach demographic parity in the countries where we operate by 2025. In the United States, for example, our aspiration is for people of color to represent 30% of our salaried employees by 2025 – whereas this population stands at 24% today. We also aspire to nurture a culture of inclusion, so all employees from all backgrounds feel that they belong at the Kraft Heinz table.

In addition, last year in the United States, we made 10 specific commitments to demonstrate our solidarity with and provide equity for African Americans at our Company and in the communities we serve. Although the commitments originated in the United States, our actions have expanded across the globe. Open and honest conversations with members of our Black Business Resource Group and Company leadership led to these commitments, which include:

Launching the Kraft Heinz Global Inclusion Council, which I chair, to create true accountability for results and oversight.

Introducing a mentoring program for Black employees.

Creating the WeLead Program to help prepare Black employees for future leadership roles at Kraft Heinz.

Designating a Global Day of Service for our employees in honor of the Juneteenth holiday that marks the end of slavery in the United States, encouraging them to learn, volunteer, and support social justice efforts in communities where we live and do business. Our teams around the world – including those in Canada, the Netherlands, U.K. and Brazil – also have or will hold their own Day of Service activities in honor of Black history and contributions in their countries.

Launching a new Supplier Diversity Program for businesses that are majority-owned by people of color, women, those in the LGBTQI+ community, people with disabilities, and veterans. The Program will help these businesses gain access to essential skills, tools, and networks – giving them the opportunity to become Kraft Heinz suppliers.

We report annually on our ESG progress, and this Report serves as our Communication on Progress as part of our commitments to the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) and the UNGC’s CEO Water Mandate. I invite you to explore our ESG website – which includes videos highlighting our ESG and Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging achievements, aspirations, and commitments – and read about how we are working hard to bring these goals to life.

We believe in using our size, scale, and agility to drive real and positive change inside and outside the walls of Kraft Heinz – all to achieve our Company Vision “To sustainably grow by delighting more consumers globally.”

That’s what stepping up to the plate is all about.

Miguel Patricio
Chief Executive Officer
