DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

In 2020, Lowe’s rose to the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as many hard-hitting natural disasters and ongoing social unrest. I am incredibly proud of the hard work and dedication of our associates, especially those on the front lines, who supported our communities and helped our customers keep their homes and businesses safe and operational.

2020 was one of the most challenging personal and professional years in many of our lives, as we grappled with an unprecedented global health crisis with farreaching economic and social implications. In late February, Lowe’s rapidly responded to the crisis by establishing a cross-functional COVID-19 taskforce and opening a company-wide Command Center. As an essential retailer, we established three key priorities:

Creating a safe store environment for our associates and our customers;

Financially supporting our front-line associates; and

Providing support for our communities During the year, we provided nearly $1.3 billion in financial support of these critical priorities. 

SUPPORTING A SAFE STORE ENVIRONMENT 

In the first quarter, we quickly implemented numerous safety standards in support of social distancing and enhanced sanitizing and cleaning. These safety protocols included removing product in our stores to free up space for our customers in high-traffic areas and adding signage and floor markings. We also added store associates to each store to act as social distancing ambassadors and developed an app to help store leaders limit customer traffic when necessary. We enhanced cleaning services both during and after operating hours, and we were one of the first retailers to install Plexiglass shields at all pointof-sale registers. In early May, we adopted additional safety measures by requiring all front-line associates to wear masks. By midJuly, we added a standard for all customers to wear masks as well. In support of this standard, we are providing free masks at stores for customers who need them. We implemented these standards in a consistent, uniform manner across our stores in the U.S. and Canada to protect the health and safety of our teams and the communities we serve. We believe that our strict in-store safety and social distancing protocols built trust with our customers, and they rewarded us by visiting our stores over and over again. We also shared our best practices with the Retail Industry Leaders Association to assist other retailers in operating safely in this exceptionally challenging environment. Even with the vaccine rollout underway, the U.S. and Canada are still dealing with numerous challenges presented by COVID-19. While the business environment remains uncertain, we will not lose focus on our highest priority, which is supporting the health and safety of our associates and customers. 

SUPPORTING FRONT-LINE ASSOCIATES 

During the year, we provided over $900 million in incremental COVID-related financial support for our front-line hourly associates. This included seven discretionary payments of $300 for full-time hourly associates and $150 for part-time hourly associates, as well as a temporary $2 per hour wage increase in the month of April. We also provided 14 days of emergency paid leave for all associates who needed it, and up to four weeks of emergency paid leave for associates at high risk of severe illness from COVID-19. We provided two extra weeks of paid vacation to salaried front-line managers and closed all stores and distribution centers on Easter Sunday to provide associates time off to recharge with their families. We also extended telemedicine access to all associates and their families, even if they were not enrolled in Lowe’s medical plans. Also, 100% of our stores earned their hourly associate Winning Together profit-sharing bonuses every quarter of the year, with a total payout of $365 million. Given their better-than-expected performance, this represented an incremental $106 million over the target payment level.

PROVIDING SUPPORT FOR OUR COMMUNITIES 

Serving customers and giving back to the communities where we live and work has always been a core value at Lowe’s. Never has that commitment been more evident than in 2020, when Lowe’s contributed more than $150 million to support our communities. This encompassed more than $100 million in pandemic-related relief, including $55 million in grants to minority-owned, women-owned and rural small businesses, as well as a $16 million donation of essential protective products for medical professionals and first responders. Lowe’s associates actively provided supplies and support across dozens of communities hit hard by disasters in one of the most destructive and unrelenting years for wildfires and hurricanes. We also supported our communities by hiring 90,000 associates into permanent roles during a time of high unemployment. 

EXPANDING OMNI-CHANNEL RETAILING CAPABILITIES 

With the onset of the pandemic, there was a sharp increase in customer demand for online shopping. With over 60% of our online orders fulfilled in our stores, we needed to dramatically expand our fulfillment capabilities to support this increased demand. We started by rapidly rolling out curbside pickup in the first quarter, and then we began to launch touchless, easy-to-use pickup lockers a few months later. We will be rolling out pickup lockers to all U.S. stores by the end of April 2021. We also continued to enhance the Lowe’s mobile app to improve the customer pickup experience. We rolled out a geofencing technology that allows customers to alert our stores when they are on their way to pick up their orders, which enables quicker fulfillment when they arrive at the store. We also stood up dedicated fulfillment teams to handle all in-store fulfillment orders. All these technology and process enhancements have already driven improvements in customer satisfaction and speed of service. We also accelerated the re-platforming of Lowes.com from a decade-old platform to the cloud. This truly transformed site stability, which enabled the site to handle an over 70% increase in traffic volumes in 2020. We more than doubled our online assortment, increasing online items from 1 million at the beginning of the year to 2.2 million by yearend. We also improved the customer experience with simplified search, navigation and checkout options and the ability to shop products by collection. Additionally, we expanded our direct-to-consumer shipping capacity by opening a second Lowes.com Fulfillment Center in the fall, located in Southern California. By quickly expanding our omni-channel retailing capabilities, we were able to support a 111% increase in sales on Lowes.com for the year. In 2020, the home took on more significance than ever before, as it became more than a residence. It also functioned as a home school, a home office and the primary location for recreation and entertainment. We are pleased and humbled that we were the first choice for many customers who needed home improvement items for their businesses and homes. 

EMBRACING DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION 

At Lowe’s we are committed to fostering an inclusive culture that enables everyone who touches our business to thrive and contribute to our success. By building diverse and inclusive teams, we drive better ideas, positive business results, and improved service through a deeper connection with our customers. During 2019, we kicked-off a multi-year program to integrate diversity and inclusion initiatives into our corporate strategy across three areas: talent, culture and business. We have improved the diversity of our executive leadership team, increasing female representation by 300% and the representation of people of color by 400% since 2017, and we continue to develop diverse leadership throughout the organization.

RETAIL FUNDAMENTALS STRATEGY: A CRITICAL FOUNDATION OF OUR SUCCESS 

Shortly after joining the Company in 2018, I worked with the new executive leadership team to establish a retail fundamentals strategy with the objective of transforming Lowe’s into a word-class omni-channel retailer. This strategy focused on building our operating capabilities through strategic investments in merchandising excellence, supply chain transformation, operational efficiency and customer engagement. In 2020, we leveraged our improved operating capabilities developed to quickly respond to the global health crisis. I’d like to highlight a few accomplishments that were instrumental to our effective response to the operating challenges created by COVID-19 and the unexpected increase in consumer demand.

Merchandise Excellence

Having the right products in the right place at the right time

Improved reset execution by leveraging a new vendor-funded Merchandising Services Team of over 23,000 associates to handle resets and bay and endcap maintenance

Expanded brand and product offerings across Craftsman, Honda, Yeti, DeWalt, Little Giant, Simpson Strong-Tie, EGO and SKIL

Invested in new merchandising sets in Flooring, Millwork and Kitchens & Bath

Rolled out the first new signage and wayfinding package across our stores in over 15 years

Improved gross margins through a more robust pricing ecosystem, reducing our reliance on promotions and enabling a shift toward an everyday low price (EDLP) approach

Supply Chain Transformation

Serving customers where and how they want to be served

Launched a multi-year $1.7 billion investment to modernize our supply chain to advance fulfillment and delivery capabilities to transform an outdated model into a true omni-channel ecosystem

Announced the expansion of our distribution network, including several new facilities (50 crossdock delivery terminals, seven bulk distribution centers and five e-commerce fulfillment centers) to increase our capacity for more same-day and next-day service offerings and faster e-commerce shipping across the country

Operational Efficiency

Simplifying store operations, improving customer service and operating income

Unlocked productivity by leveraging payroll expense in our stores, shifting our associates’ time from 60% tasking / 40% customer service to 40% tasking / 60% customer service

Deployed 115,000 handheld mobile devices, equipping our associates to better serve customers in the aisle

Rolled out digital signage in our Appliances' departments to reduce store payroll expense and improve the customer experience

Deployed a new labor scheduling system based on customer demand patterns to align labor hours with peak traffic, improving department coverage and customer service

Implemented an intuitive, touchscreen point-of-sale system at checkout across all stores, replacing 15-year old “green screens”, which dramatically reduced associate training time and improved speed of checkout

Customer Engagement

Improving customer engagement and fulfilling Pro customer needs

“Owned the Pro” through investments in job lot inventory quantities, expanding national brands, increasing staffing and service levels in the Pro department, and adding point-of-sale checkout

Launched a Pro Loyalty program with members-only benefits to drive improved customer retention

Drove a 400-basis point increase in customer service scores from 2018 to 2020



LAUNCHING TOTAL HOME STRATEGY TO ACCELERATE MARKET SHARE GAINS 

Over the past two years, we made great progress against the initiatives outlined in our Retail Fundamentals Strategy. In 2020, the combination of the sharp increase in consumer demand and our improved execution enabled us to begin taking market share, which was earlier than we had originally anticipated in the “transformation timeline” outlined in 2018. At the end of 2020, we launched the powerful next chapter in our journey — our “Lowe’s Total Home” strategy aimed at further accelerating market share gains. Total Home is Lowe’s strategy to ensure our product and service portfolio offers the complete home improvement solution for every DIY, DIFM and Pro customer when, where and how they want to shop. We are focused on delivering across five key growth initiatives:

Intensifying Our Focus On The Pro Customer

Leveraging technology that enhances the Pro experience in-store and online

Enhancing the Pro Loyalty program to create deeper connections and deliver greater value to the Pro

Resetting store footprints aligned with project adjacencies to facilitate a more intuitive, faster shopping experience (95% of stores reset by end of 2020, with remainder scheduled for reset in 2021)

Expanding Pro services by launching tool rental, jobsite delivery, and a new CRM tool that enables our Pro sales associates to manage, grow and retain Pro accounts through data-driven selling actions

Expanding Our Online Business

Creating a best-in-class experience that facilitates a deeper digital connection with customers 

Expanding our online-only assortment across core categories from Appliances to Kitchens & Bath and Décor

Enhancing our fulfillment channels to serve the customer however they choose

Modernizing Installation Services

Overhauling our installation business to drive sales, improve service and reduce overhead expenses

Enabling the purchase of installation services on Lowes.com through a seamless, integrated process

Expanding our installation service offering to impact more areas of the home

Improving Localization

Tailoring our assortment to local market needs, with a template specific to urban, rural and coastal stores

Improving space productivity and product margins by having the right product in key geographic locations

Elevating Our Product Assortment

Expanding our product assortment to target evolving consumer needs that span across generations

Begin with a focus on Décor by expanding our offering to meet both modern and more traditional tastes

Enhancing our private brand offering by focusing on a select number of brands to create customer value and differentiation

2020 FINANCIAL RESULTS 

Due to the investments we made in Retail Fundamentals, as well as improved execution across our store operations and supply chain, we were able to meet the unprecedented levels of consumer demand for home improvement products and services in 2020. We delivered outstanding results last year, with a 54% increase in Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share to $8.86 per share, driven by total sales growth of 24%, comparable sales growth of 26% and a 47% increase in Adjusted Operating Income.1 We also drove Pro customer sales growth of nearly 20% through improved service and better in-stock inventory levels, while we more efficiently managed inventory to support sales. We demonstrated our commitment to returning capital to our shareholders with $5.0 billion in share repurchases and $1.7 billion in dividends in 2020. 

THE OPPORTUNITY AHEAD 

At Lowe’s, our investment thesis is very straightforward. We are focused on investing in our stores, Lowes.com, and our supply chain and technology to deliver sustainable productivity. We still have a significant opportunity for value creation in our core business. And we continue to develop our operating capabilities in our journey to becoming a world-class, $100 billion omni-channel retailer with 13% operating margins. In 2021, we will celebrate our centennial with a $10 million investment in 100 community impact projects that are nominated and inspired by our associates and customers across the country. This is our way of expressing our appreciation for our loyal customers and paying tribute to the company’s longstanding commitment to community service. In closing, I want to again thank our over 300,000 associates who remain steadfast in their commitment to customer service, and who delivered such extraordinary results this year.



Marvin R. Ellison

President and Chief Executive Officer
