TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS

Following an unprecedented year that delivered a series of challenges that once seemed unimaginable, Macy’s, Inc. today is well positioned to compete and grow as a digitally led omnichannel retailer. Last year as stores were shut down, we pivoted quickly, focusing on our digital properties to absorb the additional demand online and drive digital sales. When we reopened our stores, we capitalized on our digital momentum by quickly developing new fulfillment options, including curbside pickup, and expanding our merchandise offerings within many of our “pandemic” categories. We also tested new and innovative ways to serve our customers in the new normal. While we would never want to repeat this past year, we learned a lot about our strengths and identified new opportunities. Our Polaris strategy that we introduced in February 2020 is designed to return our company to growth. By spring of last year, it was tested profoundly and proved durable. The acceleration of digital, coupled with structural changes guided by Polaris, enabled us to adapt and innovate with agility as consumer trends shifted quickly. The cost controls that we put in place were critical to successfully weathering the pandemic. And when we needed to make difficult choices about the priority of our investments, we leveraged Polaris to provide a roadmap. We accelerated our shift to digital shopping, strengthened the relationship between online and off-line with our omnichannel experience, expanded our assortment, improved our product mix and further employed data and analytics tools and processes to simplify our customer value equation. The actions we took last year proved that our business is resilient and able to adapt to changing customer needs and new forces in the marketplace. We delivered positive adjusted EBITDA for the full year and generated consistent, sequential top line improvement from the lows of the first quarter. We also delivered positive free cash flow in 2020, and we expect to see this grow through the continued successful execution of our Polaris strategy. As a result, we ended the year with healthy liquidity, approximately $1.7 billion in cash and approximately $3 billion of untapped capacity in our revolving asset-based facility that we closed in June. We repaid approximately $530 million of debt in January 2021 at maturity. We saw standout performance on both ends of the value spectrum – from off-price to luxury. During the fourth quarter, Backstage locations outperformed Macy’s stores by more than three times. We plan to open approximately 35 new Backstage stores within stores in 2021. Bloomingdale’s capitalized on the shift in consumer spending from experiences to luxury products, while Bluemercury benefited from the increase in demand for beauty and skincare. Both brands experienced a strong recovery in the fourth quarter of 2020 when compared to the first quarter.

REFINED POLARIS STRATEGY Our experience in 2020 gives us increased confidence to take bolder actions as a digitally led omnichannel retailer. The refined Polaris strategy includes a deep understanding of the Macy’s, Inc. customer and how their shopping habits have evolved during the past year. There are six pillars that underpin the Polaris strategy:

WIN WITH FASHION AND STYLE b y delivering products that meet core and new customer needs across all occasions and transforming our assortment architecture, fashion curation, inventory productivity and vendor relationships. In 2020, we rapidly expanded our assortment, adding new categories and more than 1,000 brands to meet emerging demand. Looking ahead, we will continue to improve our assortment, especially for the under-40 customer, with the right mix of categories. D E L I V E R C L E A R V A L U E T H R O U G H S I M P L E , E A S Y- T O - U N D E R S T A N D PRICING AND PROMOTIONS, deepening core and new customer engagement through hyperpersonalized loyalty ecosystem, communication and personalized experiences. We made significant strides in improving our customer value proposition in 2020 and saw both sequential and year-over-year improvement in regular price sell-through in the fourth quarter of 2020. We plan to continue to simplify promotions, optimize our markdowns and improve and localize our pricing to create better value clarity for our shoppers, all while improving merchandise margins. Additionally, we continue to build on our customer value ecosystem: loyalty, monetization and personalization, enabled by our Star Rewards loyalty program. EXCEL IN DIGITAL SHOPPING by providing a modern, frictionless digital shopping journey, supported by a seamless user interface, immersive category-level experiences and a convenient delivery and returns experience that is fully connected to stores. We have already improved our customers’ digital journey, and we will continue to make fundamental investments while delivering new, immersive, contentdriven experiences for customers. We anticipate these improvements will help us realize our goal of growing digital sales to $10 billion within the next three years. REPOSITION OUR STORE FLEET AND ENHANCE OMNI EXPERIENCES to create a tech-enabled, connected omniecosystem that supports a reimagined store experience through a streamlined stores portfolio and new off-mall formats. We are enhancing our omnichannel shopping experience by focusing on scaling store fulfillment, buy online pick-up in store, curbside pickup and same-day delivery services. To more closely connect online and offline and deliver a seamless customer experience, we will continue to invest in technology that enhances the way we engage our customers. The repositioning and resizing of our fleet through the monetization of our real estate assets will continue to play an important role in funding our growth initiatives. M O D E R N I Z E O U R S U P P LY C H A I N INFRASTRUCTURE by moving toward a faster and more efficient customer fulfillment infrastructure while profitably improving convenience and the delivery experience. We are also better managing and placing our inventory to meet customer demand and to minimize markdowns. We expect these changes will deliver higher productivity in our customer fulfillment centers and stores, lower delivery expenses and improved customer service across our network. And last, ENABLING TRANSFORMATION THROUGH DATA ANALYTICS, TECHNOLOGY AND A PERFORMANCE-DRIVEN OPERATING MODEL, ensuring we have the right infrastructure and technology to execute and sustain our plans. This includes, first, a modernized technology platform to support a friction-free customer and colleague experience. Second, we are revamping our data and analytics foundation to drive growth and profitability through all our decisions. And third, the most critical to our success, a performance-driven operating model enabled by clear incentives for our colleagues.

CREATING A MORE SUSTAINABLE FUTURE At Macy’s, Inc., we have a deep sense of stewardship for managing our resources and maximizing our positive social impact. We proactively engage on issues that span the breadth of our operations – this includes transparency, product responsibility and supply chain management, energy management, diversity and inclusion and building resilient communities. We believe operating by these principles will enable us to create value for our shareholders while addressing the shared needs of society. We believe that what we do, what we stand for, and how we get the work done are each equally important. Across the entire colleague lifecycle, we have a cohesive strategy that focuses on our culture and providing our people with the programs and support that matter the most to their professional growth and development. I am pleased to share our story with the recent publication of our Human Capital Report that highlights our culture and engagement, diversity and inclusion, future of work, healthy and safety, people analytics and total rewards. LOOKING AHEAD FOR MACY’S, INC. We understand there is much work ahead to capitalize on the opportunities now available to Macy’s, Inc. We have the aspiration, the fortitude and the agility to successfully transform our business. As we look towards a healthier economy in the coming months and years, I am optimistic about the way we are reimagining and repositioning our business in line with our Polaris strategy. Macy’s, Inc. has a clear path to sustainable growth, driven by the expansion of our digital channel and by the refocusing of our store fleet on better-quality malls and more convenient and productive off-mall formats that are closer to our customers. Our plan is underpinned by a capital allocation strategy that enhances our long-term financial stability and returns for our shareholders, our commitment to investing in growth initiatives that generate high returns and our goal of achieving a healthier capital structure and progressing towards investment-grade metrics. I am also encouraged by the talent and focus of our teams across Macy’s, Inc. who persevered through 2020 and who are committed to our future growth. We have a diverse leadership team that includes a blend of new talent with outside perspectives along with our tenured and best developed leaders. I am confident that, together, we will succeed as we build toward a sustainable, profitable future.

Jeff Gennette 

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
