Dear Stockholder, 

While COVID-19 has transformed our industry and our world in ways we could never have anticipated, we are extremely proud of all we accomplished in 2021 and the significant recovery we saw across our global footprint. We have weathered what we hope is the worst of the storm, positioned the company for growth, and continued to demonstrate our service culture in our communities. As we look ahead, we feel optimistic about the future. Resilience of Travel There are signs all around us that people are adapting to a “new normal” — and certainly the return of travel is one of the best indicators. Within our own business, we have a front row seat to travel’s resilience. As vaccination rates have risen throughout much of the world, we have been encouraged by the growth of travel demand, even in the face of new variants. Time after time, when borders open and travel restrictions are lifted, we have seen an immediate surge in demand. Perhaps the only thing that outpaced the resilience of travel was the resilience of our associates. In the midst of historic labor shortages and surges in travel, our associates took care of the company, our guests and each other, working with passion and commitment every day. 2021 Financial Highlights The strength of travel and the rapid recovery in global lodging demand during the year was evident in our 2021 results. Worldwide revenue per available room (RevPAR)1 improved meaningfully during the year, progressing from down 59 percent in the first quarter of 2021 compared to 2019 to down only 19 percent in the fourth quarter. All regions experienced significant occupancy gains during the year, reaching a global occupancy level of 58 percent in the fourth quarter. Perhaps most encouraging, global average daily rate (ADR) was just 11 percent below 2019 levels for the full year and, in the fourth quarter was down only 2 percent compared to 2019. ADR has rebounded much quicker than in the prior two downturns. It took about five years for global ADR to fully recover after the 2009 recession and about four years for a global ADR recovery after 9/11. Leisure demand led the recovery and was very strong in 2021. While business transient and group demand have lagged leisure, we did see gradual improvement throughout the year. Looking ahead, we are optimistic about continued RevPAR recovery in 2022, led by sustained strength in ADR and continued improvement in demand. Full year adjusted diluted earnings per share (EPS) totaled $3.19, compared to adjusted diluted EPS of $0.18 in 2020. Adjusted EBITDA reached $2.3 billion in 2021, nearly doubling year over year.2 For the full year 2021, gross fee revenues totaled $2.7 billion, with strong improvement over 2020 in our base and franchise fees due to higher RevPAR and net rooms growth. Full year incentive management fees of $235 million nearly tripled compared to 2020 fees. With incentive management fees still well below the 2019 peak of $637 million, there is significant upside potential in the coming years. Since the beginning of the pandemic, we have been very focused on reducing costs — both on-property for our owners and franchisees and at the corporate level. We are proud of the work our teams have done in driving margin improvements during the pandemic. Our on-property teams have been focused on maximizing cash flow while continuing to inspire our associates to deliver the outstanding guest experiences our customers expect from our brands. With the improved demand environment and careful management of cash outlays, the company’s asset light business model resulted in significantly improved credit ratios and strong liquidity at year end. Poised for Growth On the development front, we added more than 86,000 gross rooms in 2021, a new company record, and achieved 3.9 percent net rooms growth. We are seeing strong interest in conversions, with those rooms accounting for 21 percent of our room additions in the year. By year end, our worldwide system consisted of nearly 8,000 properties and roughly 1.48 million rooms in 139 countries and territories. As owner and franchisee sentiment improved in 2021, development activity was robust in most regions of the world. We signed approximately 92,000 rooms during the year, contributing to our roughly 485,000-room pipeline, the largest in the industry. We continue to grow our share of rooms globally, with a meaningfully higher share of the industry’s rooms under construction than open rooms. As we look out over the next several years, we believe our broad portfolio of 30 brands is poised to capitalize on major trends we see currently impacting global hospitality development — luxury, leisure, conversions and international growth. We are continuing to expand our leading luxury footprint and have by far the largest global pipeline of hotels in this important, high fee-earning segment, with nearly 50,000 rooms. We are also focused on capitalizing on our strong recent momentum in the leisure area, leveraging our proven brands to drive additional growth in this valuable segment and expanding our all-inclusive platform as well as our extended stay portfolio. We are proud of our 600 leading resort hotels and our 1,400-hotel extended stay portfolio. Conversions were an important driver of rooms growth this year and we expect to see continued momentum. Marriott provides rich and flexible conversion platforms with significant revenue synergies, cost saving opportunities and turnkey access to many of the programs and services that the company provides, including the company’s powerful Marriott Bonvoy loyalty program. We also continue to see rapid growth internationally, especially in the select service space. Over half of our current pipeline is in international markets. Marriott Bonvoy Our goal is to make Marriott Bonvoy an everyday part of our members’ lives, and last year we took significant strides to make that happen. We remain keenly focused on actively engaging our more than 160 million members with the program. Last year, we redesigned our highly rated mobile app to make it more intuitive. We collaborated with Uber in the U.S. to enable Marriott Bonvoy members to earn loyalty points when hailing rides or ordering food delivery. Homes and Villas by Marriott International, our whole home rental platform, was a very popular offering during the year and more than 90 percent of guests were Marriott Bonvoy members. We also connected with digital retailer Rakuten in Japan to elevate the travel experience of millions of Japanese travelers. Our U.S. customers can now purchase travel insurance easily as part of booking their rooms on Marriott.com. We also expanded our Marriott Bonvoy website language capabilities — delivering additional languages like Polish, Turkish, Greek, Dutch, Thai and Vietnamese — with localized offers and destination suggestions. Enabling people to search and book in their own language is a critical element in simplifying the booking process and keeping travelers loyal to our platforms. Environmental, Social and Governance Against the backdrop of the pandemic, the company’s efforts on Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) issues were notable. In February, we joined with The J. Willard and Alice S. Marriott Foundation and Howard University in Washington, D.C. to establish the MarriottSorenson Center for Hospitality Leadership. The center will work to build a pipeline of diverse talent by inspiring Black students to enter hospitality with a vision and road map to one day become senior leaders. In July, we launched the next iteration of our Human Trafficking Awareness Training. Using real-life scenarios, the training will help associates spot the signs of human trafficking. Once again, we will be donating this training to the industry to assist other hotels in their efforts to train frontline hotel workers to not only spot the signs of human trafficking, but also to understand what actions to take to stop it. In September, we committed to set emissions reductions targets across our portfolio and supply chain and announced our intent to set a long-term science-based target to reach net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050, at the latest. We are proud of the work we are doing to address these critical ESG issues. A Closing Thought from Bill Marriott It has been just over a year since the company began a transition to new leadership following the tragic death of our beloved CEO and President, Arne Sorenson. On May 6, 2022, transition will come again when I step down as Chairman of the Board and my son, David, succeeds me. I am stepping back after 66 years of working for the company my parents, J.W. and Alice Marriott, started in 1927. I am very optimistic about the future of our company and our industry. I believe firmly in the resilience of travel and am proud of our Marriott International team. We have an incredible portfolio of properties and more importantly, we have truly outstanding associates. Through their efforts, Marriott will continue to provide exceptional experiences for our guests and drive the business and our company forward. With my heart filled with gratitude, let me share an excerpt of a Douglas Malloch poem my father often quoted: “Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger wind, the stronger trees.” 

Thank you for your support of Marriott International.

Anthony Capuano 

Chief Executive Officer
