Dear Shareholder, To say 2020 was unlike anything our Company has experienced in the past 120 years would be an understatement. We faced numerous challenges that forced us to rethink the way we work, but one thing that didn’t change was how proud we are of our people. Their dedication, passion and genuine concern for our customers and each other was a bright light throughout these tough times. From our Alterations team sewing medical grade masks for health care workers to our Restaurant team providing warm meals to employees in Texas impacted by winter storms, our people consistently extended themselves to each other, bringing the true meaning of service to life. We have always felt fortunate to have a team of people who care so much, and that is especially true right now. It is because of them we were able to navigate the past year and now have so many exciting opportunities in front of us. Like everyone, we struggled to fully understand the early implications of COVID-19. When we decided to temporarily close all our stores, it became clear we needed quick action to respond to the crisis. After ensuring the health and safety of our employees and customers, our top priority was the financial health of the Company. This led to an intense focus on cash and our balance sheet. These efforts paid off as we generated positive operating cash flow from Q2 forward and solidified our balance sheet so we could continue to invest in the future. The pandemic brought significant change to the retail industry and our business, as customers adopted new ways of shopping and new expectations around how they want to receive their purchases and make returns. Most of that change proved to be an acceleration of trends we’ve been seeing for several years; ones we’ve been directly investing in and working toward. Fortunately for us, it was not a question of whether we were going in the right direction. It was about how quickly we could get there. We prioritized finding ways to increase our speed and flexibility to better serve customers. Technology serves as a differentiator for us, enabling us to work more efficiently while being more responsive and compelling to customers. We looked at our most important strategic priorities in this area and accelerated those plans. One example of this approach is the integration of our Nordstrom Rack and NordstromRack.com inventories, which allowed us to fulfill online orders from our Rack stores. We had planned for this capability to launch in 2021, but the pandemic made this work more critical, so we went live with it in October 2020. We launched Nordstrom.com in 1998 and the importance of e-commerce has steadily increased since then. We entered the year with a large digital business that made up more than 30% of our 2019 sales. The pandemic greatly accelerated this trend, and digital made up 54% of our 2020 sales. We are currently a predominantly digital business and we anticipate that trend will only continue in the coming years. That’s quite something for a retailer that started as a shoe store in 1901. Stores have been and will continue to be incredibly important for us, but their role must evolve as well. In the short term, we pivoted quickly to offer contactless, curbside services that gave our customers convenience and peace of mind during the pandemic. For the long term, having connected capabilities between our stores and digital platforms has shifted from a “nice to have” to a business essential. It’s that level of connection that enables us to scale online order fulfillment (which results in increased product selection) and allows Nordstrom.com orders to be picked up or returned at any of our Nordstrom or Nordstrom Rack stores – all services that will allow us to serve customers on their terms. We’re continuing to prioritize these types of integration opportunities that give us a competitive advantage. While the last year was disruptive in many ways, it was also an opportunity for us to step back, ask ourselves tough questions and create change. We did that and asked ourselves what kind of Company we wanted to be for our employees and our customers. Our impact extends beyond our stores and online operations, so when we think about how we can bring value, environmental sustainability needs to be a priority. We have had great results, but we are the first to admit we have a long way to go. We continue to push ourselves to be a better, more responsible Company and are aggressively working toward our 2025 Corporate Social Responsibility Goals focused on environmental sustainability, corporate philanthropy and human rights. Progress isn’t possible without partnership so we are collaborating with other retailers and brands to address the climate and environmental crisis. For all of us, our purpose comes from not just what we do, but how we do it. We have firmly rooted commitments to inclusivity, equity, humanity, transparency and caring for each other. These are not just words to us, they are the beliefs and standards we hold ourselves to each day. Events of 2020 put those beliefs at the forefront as we confronted issues of race, inequality and division. More than ever, we are committed to be a part of the solution which is why we established measurable Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging Goals. We will no doubt stumble from time to time, but we are sincere in listening and learning from our customers, employees and communities. It is their input and support that will guide our efforts and drive our progress. Looking forward to 2021 and beyond, we are encouraged by our opportunities to reach new levels of customer service and gain market share by expanding not only who we serve, but where and how we serve them. We are building on our efforts over the past few years and are calling this new focus Closer to You. Our future growth is tied to three key areas: winning in our most important markets, driven largely by expanding our Market Strategy; growing our Rack business by offering a wider range of price points; and expanding our digital capabilities to support both our brands. The progress and lessons learned in 2020 will continue to be top of mind for us. The need for speed, flexibility and agility was not unique to a pandemic era. It is a sign of what is to come and the capabilities that will be core to our long-term success. We are continuing to embed these characteristics into all facets of our business so we can be responsive to the ever-changing needs and expectations of our customers. During times of transformation and uncertainty, it is more critical than ever to keep our focus and priorities clear. We are here to help our customers feel good and look their best. Though the ways we do that will continue to change, customer service is as important today as it has ever been. Improving customer service continues to be our number one goal, and we know it is the biggest differentiator between us and other retailers. Our entire Company is aligned around this goal, and it is our collective job as leaders to enable our teams to do just that: focus on the customer. We are humbly reminded every day that is what brought us here and it is how we are going to succeed going forward. 

Sincerely,

Erik B. Nordstrom

Chief Executive Officer
