It is a privilege to write on behalf of Team O’Reilly and report a truly exceptional year of record-breaking revenue, highlighted by our outstanding comparable store sales growth of 13.3%, record operating income and record free cash flow. We have immense gratitude for our 83,000 Team Members in our stores, distribution centers and corporate offices, who dedicate themselves to upholding our Culture, executing our business model and providing the excellent customer service that drove our remarkable results. In 2021, we endured many of the challenges we faced in 2020 surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic as our daily lives continued to be impacted by evolving disruptions as our communities navigated the on-going twists and turns. Throughout it all, our commitment to the health and safety of our Team Members and customers has been central to who we are and what we do and will remain a critical priority as we move forward. Thank you, Team O’Reilly, for the commitment you make every day to our Culture, for your dedication to each other and for living a “Never Say No” philosophy with every customer you serve. You truly are our single greatest competitive advantage and the foundation for our continued success. Team O’Reilly delivered comparable store sales growth of 13.3% in 2021, on top of extremely tough comparisons to the 10.9% growth we achieved in 2020. To put our success in growing our market share over the past two years into context, for 2021, our average per store sales volume was $2.3 million, which represents an increase of 23% from the average per store sales volume of $1.9 million just two years ago in 2019. Our Team’s dedication to profitable growth turned this outstanding top-line growth into diluted earnings per share growth of over 30% for each of the past two years. Our success was driven by our Team consistently executing our dual market strategy, with our professional parts people delivering excellent customer service and expertise, one customer at a time, every step of the way. This playbook, coupled with our robust distribution network providing urgently needed parts faster than our competitors, allowed us to capture market share and aggressively pursue our mission to be the dominant supplier of auto parts in all of our markets. The automotive aftermarket industry has shown continued resiliency, even as we have moved past government stimulus payments, which started in second quarter of 2020 and extended through the first quarter of 2021. Miles driven, which is a fundamental driver of long-term demand in our industry, posted steady improvement 2021, as consumers resumed their daily work commutes, and we expect to see continued improvements moving forward. The vehicle fleet continues to grow and become older, with the average vehicle age now at 11.9 years, resulting from better vehicle engineering and manufacturing and gives consumers confidence to invest in maintaining the road worthiness of their vehicles at higher and higher mileages. Additionally, supply constraints surrounding new vehicles and corresponding elevated used vehicle prices have been supportive of auto parts demand in the near term. We believe these factors contribute to a positive short-term and long-term outlook for our industry. We continue to prioritize investments in our existing store and distribution network, new store openings, supported by expansion of our distribution network, and acquisitions of existing auto parts chains, as we believe these priorities provide the highest long-term returns for our shareholders. During 2021, we were able to invest $443 million in capital projects across our stores, distribution centers and offices. Included in this growth was successfully opening 165 net, new stores in the U.S. across 40 states, and three new stores in Mexico. We are very pleased with the strong performance of our new stores, which results from our ability to open stores with a strong team of Professional Parts People committed to our Culture of teamwork, honesty, respect, enthusiasm and hard work. Looking to 2022, we plan to open 175 to 185 net, new stores, which includes additional new stores in Mexico. To add distribution capacity and support this store growth, we expanded our robust distribution network with the opening of our new Horn Lake, Mississippi, distribution center. Omnichannel capabilities also remain an area of significant investment for our Company, as we look to continually work to reduce friction and offer a seamless customer experience ensuring our customers receive excellent customer service and professional parts knowledge. Our Team’s commitment to excellent customer service and profitable growth produced an outstanding free cash flow of $2.5 billion in 2021. After executing our capital allocation strategy of first investing in our business, we were able to return excess capital of $2.5 billion to you, our shareholders, through prudent execution of our share repurchase program. We believe share repurchases continue to be an effective means of returning excess capital to our shareholders after we have exhausted opportunities to profitably grow our business. We remain committed to a balanced capital structure that supports our investment-grade credit ratings and provides us the flexibility to take advantage of opportunistic growth opportunities, while also optimizing returns for our shareholders. We are humbled by the trust that you, our shareholders, place in our Team, and we would like to conclude this year’s shareholder letter by thanking you, and reaffirming our commitment to the Culture that has driven our success for the last 64 years. We look forward to extending our long record of 29 years of profitable growth into 2022, knowing it will require a continued intense focus on the fundamentals of excellent customer service, hard work and dedication to our Culture.

GREG JOHNSON 

President and Chief Executive Officer
