Dear Fellow Stockholder: 

2020 was a year like no other. We, like you, faced unprecedented challenges. The COVID-19 pandemic required us to adapt and adjust many of our business practices this past year. I am proud of the innovation of our employees to adjust to changing business conditions. As an essential business, we continued to deliver new and pre-owned vehicles and heavyduty trucks despite showroom closures in many areas, and our service operations remained largely open. Most importantly, we made safety protocols our top priority, including keeping our customers, employees and our communities safe. Overall, despite the pandemic, I am very pleased with our performance last year. The diversification provided by our investments across the transportation sector, coupled with the innovation and adjustments made by our team, drove outstanding results for our business in 2020. Some highlights from the past year include: • Increased net income from continuing operations 25.3% • Generated $1.2 billion in cash flow from operating activities • Reduced non-vehicle, long-term debt by $670 million • Opened our 17th Used Vehicle SuperCenter in Nottingham, U.K. As we look toward the future, we will focus on continued innovation and transformational opportunities. We will aim to enhance our Company’s diversity, continue supporting vehicle electrification, and drive further sustainability initiatives across our business. Further, we will implement new tools to adapt to the shift in consumer buying patterns to online engagement. We will once again hold our annual meeting exclusively by remote means this year. We encourage you to participate virtually in the annual meeting, following the instructions within this proxy statement. We ask that you cast your vote as soon as possible to assure your shares are represented at the meeting. Our success is driven by the unwavering dedication and commitment of our 23,700 employees, our most important asset. They focus relentlessly on driving repeat and referral business by exceeding the expectations of our customers through best-in-class customer service and the highest level of integrity. We appreciate your continued support, and we hope that you will stay safe and healthy. 

Sincerely,

Roger S. Penske 

Chair of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
