Dear Fellow Shareholders,

When I wrote to you last Spring, few could have imagined what 2020 had in store for our company and our world. From a global pandemic that cost millions of lives and unleashed an economic catastrophe, to tragic examples of systemic racial inequality, to an escalating climate crisis, and even the passing of PepsiCo’s patriarch and first CEO, Donald M. Kendall, the past 12 months have been among the most challenging in recent memory. And yet, despite all the heartache and pain, all the volatility and disruption, I am extremely proud to tell you that PepsiCo continues to persevere. Our strategy to become Faster, Stronger, and Better has proven to be the right one, in good times and bad—enabling us to be there for our communities when they need us most, whilst accelerating our growth and gaining share in many key markets. 

In 20201

Our organic revenue growth accelerated to 5.7 percent in Q4, with 5 percent growth in global snacks and foods and 6 percent growth in global beverages, and mid-single digit growth in both our international developed markets and developing and emerging markets.

We delivered 4.3 percent organic revenue growth for the full year, which is a true testament to the dedication and efforts of our employees during a global pandemic, our diversified portfolio and channel mix, and our agile supply chain and go-to-market systems.

We gained or held share in most of our top markets in both snacks and beverages.

Core constant currency EPS increased 2 percent for the full year. 

I am proud that we were able to achieve these results whilst: 1) staying focused on the issues that matter most to society, and 2) continuing to invest in the business to increase capacity, build better systems, and drive better ways to run our supply chain—capabilities aimed not only at accelerating our long-term growth, but also creating smiles for our many stakeholders. In 2020, the entire PepsiCo family fully embraced our mission to Create More Smiles with Every Sip and Every Bite. During a year of so much adversity, this simple act was never more powerful. Each of us rose to the challenge, creating smiles for our fellow associates, our communities, our consumers, our customers, the planet, and, of course, our shareholders. In doing so, we welcomed the opportunity to drive positive change among ourselves and in the wider world. Our commitment to transparency in our reporting underpins this aspiration to be not just a successful company, but a sustainable one. 

Smiles for Our Associates and Communities 

We know that our company can only succeed when the society we serve flourishes. That’s why we are focused on creating smiles for our associates and communities by:

Working to ensure safe working environments through social distancing and distribution of personal protective equipment (PPE), especially for our frontline workers, and donating PPE to fellow frontline workers around the world;

Expanding benefits for associates who were diagnosed with COVID-19 or had to care for a sick family member;

Working with The PepsiCo Foundation to invest more than $60 million and provide over 145 million meals to hungry families impacted by COVID-19 in 2020, with a special focus on providing nutritious meals for students who usually get meals through school

Launching our Racial Equality Journey to elevate diverse voices within our company, our supply chain partners, and communities, whilst helping break down longstanding racial barriers. In 2020, we began with a $400 million set of initiatives focused on increasing Black representation at PepsiCo, supporting Black-owned businesses, and lifting up Black communities over five years. We built on this with a further $172 million set of initiatives over five years focused on Hispanic Americans, in addition to spending $224 million with Hispanic suppliers in 2020; and

Celebrating success through our internal Smiles initiative, which encourages associates to send smiles to each other for living our PepsiCo Way behaviors and to commemorate special events. In 2020, we created more than 240,000 smiles on the platform.

These efforts were recognized by our associates in our annual organizational health survey. In 2020, we achieved our highest-ever engagement score, which is a measure of the energy, pride, and optimism of our associates.

“In 2020, the entire PepsiCo family fully embraced our mission to Create More Smiles with Every Sip and Every Bite.”

Smiles for Our Consumers 

In a year where routines were routinely disrupted, we had to satisfy new demands that grew from the pandemic, with more consumers eating at home. In 2020, I’m pleased to say we met the challenge, creating smiles for our consumers by:

Driving innovation in our core brands, with a special focus on no-sugar beverages and flavors that celebrate local food cultures, including Cheetos Popcorn, Flamin’ Limon Doritos, Mountain Dew Zero, Gatorade’s Bolt24, Gatorade Zero, and Driftwell;

Continuing to build a range of premium snacks designed to address evolving consumer desires and emerging health and wellness trends, with options like Off The Eaten Path, bare, and BFY Brands;

Expanding our investment in omnichannel capabilities, especially eCommerce, as consumers increasingly turn online for their food and beverage needs. This includes launching PantryShop.com and Snacks.com in the U.S., where eCommerce estimated retail sales grew significantly in 2020, and acquiring Be & Cheery, one of the largest online snacks companies in China;

Doing even more to drive SodaStream as a sustainable, personalized beverage system, including making it easier for consumers to create their favorite beverages at home with bubly drops for SodaStream and other flavors based on popular beverages like Pepsi MAX and Mountain Dew; 

Increasing our presence in the fast-growing and highly profitable energy category by acquiring Rockstar Energy Beverages;

Closing on and continuing to integrate the acquisition of Pioneer Foods, which gives us a scaled platform for foods sales and distribution in Sub-Saharan Africa; and

Powering Quaker Foods North America to 11 percent organic revenue growth for the year1 , an outstanding performance against strong demand for at-home consumption. 

Smiles for Our Customers 

As consumer preferences and habits change, we are focused on pivoting our resources to provide first-class service levels, driving game-changing innovation, and delivering a level of growth unmatched in our industry, creating smiles for our customers by:

Unlocking granular growth opportunities across our business through innovative data-driven media, marketing, and merchandising solutions, including our new ROI Engine and Canvas capabilities, which leverage near real-time analytics and performance output to optimize investments; 

Building dynamic COVID-19 models that reflect the evolving financial and medical impact of COVID-19 on households, creating customized outputs for our customers, and democratizing these outputs through online forums and interactive Tableau dashboards;

Extending our Perfect Store capability, enabling improved service, value offers, assortment, and merchandising for our important small format customers; and

Launching micro-fulfillment centers to increase our strategic capability to help meet the spike in eCommerce demand for our key customers. 

Our team’s holistic support for our customers earned numerous awards and recognitions in 2020, including being named the number one manufacturer in the Kantar PoweRanking for the fifth year in a row in the U.S. and earning similarly strong feedback in many countries around the world.

Smiles for Our Planet

We know that our ability to create smiles for our associates, communities, consumers, and customers depends on our ability to create smiles for our planet. That’s why we are focused on continuing to integrate purpose into our business strategy and brands to become PepsiCo Positive, delivering better outcomes for people and the environment, whilst enabling us to be a faster-growing and more resilient company. This includes our effort to help build a more sustainable food system, from how we grow our ingredients and make our products, to how we inspire consumers to make positive choices. Agriculture is the foundation of the food system and core to our business, so we’re working to source ingredients through more sustainable and resilient practices. As we do that, we are also increasing our support for farmers transitioning to regenerative agriculture practices that are gentler on the earth and can help mitigate climate change:

100 percent of our direct commodities (potatoes, whole corn, oats, and oranges) are sustainably sourced in 28 countries, whilst nearly 86 percent of our direct commodities are sustainably sourced globally as of 2020.

Our Sustainable Farming Program is now operating in 36 countries and engages more than 40,000 farmers.

Our network of local demonstration farms—with sites in India, Brazil, and Thailand, among others—is proving to be very powerful, providing a place where farmers can test new techniques and learn from their peers.

We are collaborating with the World Economic Forum on a network of Innovation Hubs, which bring together the best minds in food science, agronomy, and technology to develop food systems that are inclusive, efficient, sustainable, and nutritious.

“As we reflect on all the smiles we created in 2020, we know that none of it would be possible without the associates who are the backbone of our company and the shareholders who have trusted us with their investment.”

We also know that a company of our size and scale can have a positive impact across our value chain by making products in a way that builds a circular, inclusive, fair economy. That’s why we are:

Continuing our efforts to help build a world where packaging never becomes waste by setting a target to use 100 percent rPET for our Pepsi brand2 in nine EU markets by 2022. We estimate this will eliminate over 70,000 tons of virgin, fossil-fuel based plastic per year and will lower carbon emissions per Pepsi brand bottle by approximately 40 percent in those markets;

Taking steps to address the risks and impacts of climate change by more than doubling our science-based climate goal, targeting a more than 40 percent reduction of absolute greenhouse gas emissions across our value chain by 2030;

Aiming to achieve net-zero emissions across our global operations by 2040, 10 years earlier than called for in the Paris Agreement, after already shifting to 100 percent renewable electricity for our direct operations in the U.S. in 2020 through a diversified portfolio of solutions;

Introducing SodaStream Professional, an eco-friendly, on-the-go customizable hydration platform that is part of our Beyond the Bottle strategy; and

Joining other leading companies in signing the UN’s Business Ambition for 1.5°C pledge. 

Beyond our value chain, we are working to inspire people to make positive choices with products that create more smiles for them and the planet:

This includes continuing to advance our 2025 goals to reduce added sugars, sodium, and saturated fat, with our no-sugar Pepsi Black now available in 118 markets and Lay’s Oven Baked in 27 markets globally.

We also expanded the Stacy’s Rise Project from five female entrepreneurs to 15 in 2020, with finalists focused on areas such as social impact, sustainability, and diversity. 

Finally, in 2020 we also published our first Green Bond Report. The report provides an update on the allocation of net proceeds from our billion-dollar Green Bond to Eligible Green Projects through the end of 2019, specifically: water sustainability, decarbonization of our operations and supply chain, and sustainable plastics and packaging.

Smiles for Our Shareholders 

Ultimately, creating smiles for our associates and communities, consumers, customers, and the planet is what enables us to create smiles for our shareholders. In addition to the Full Year and Q4 financial performance numbers I called out earlier, in 2020 we also:

Returned a total of $7.5 billion in cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases; and

Delivered an 11.7 percent increase in total shareholder return, a strong showing compared to other consumer staples. 

Last month, we also announced a 5 percent increase in our annualized dividend per share, effective with the expected June 2021 dividend payment—our 49th consecutive annual dividend increase. As we reflect on all the smiles we created in 2020, we know that none of it would be possible without the associates who are the backbone of our company and the shareholders who have trusted us with their investment. This year, more than ever, we are grateful for your faith in us. As vaccines usher in a new phase of the pandemic, we will keep working to earn your trust and support by Winning with Purpose and planning for a post-COVID future. If we work together, I am confident we can make 2021 a year of resurgence and renewal, with even more smiles for our many stakeholders and the communities we all share.



Sincerely,

Ramon L. Laguarta

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
