DEAR STOCKHOLDER

Fiscal 2021 will likely prove to be one of the most dynamic, challenging and exciting years in Performance Food Group’s (PFG) history. Our organization faced external pressure and an operating backdrop that changed from minute to minute. But our company’s dedication to our customers never wavered. We began the fiscal year with depressed levels of sales and profit as recovery from the pandemic was just beginning. However, by the end of the year we were hitting record sales levels – an amazing accomplishment that reflects the passion our associates have for our business and those we serve. We also made progress on our long-term strategic vision by announcing the acquisition of Core-Mark – one of the country’s largest convenience store (c-store) distribution companies. We subsequently closed the transaction on September 1st and expect to be the second largest convenience store distributor in the United States. We are excited to welcome Core-Mark’s many talented associates to the PFG family. While we were successfully building our business and servicing our customers, we took additional steps to move the organization forward. This included publishing PFG’s first Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) report – an important milestone toward improving our company’s environmental and social impact. As part of these efforts, we hired our first Vice President of Diversity & Inclusion. PFG is also in the process of setting specific climate goals. These goals will be included in our next ESG report, which will be published by the end of calendar 2021. Our business segments performed well and finished the year on a high note, achieving over $9.3 billion of net sales in the fiscal fourth quarter, including a 53rd week. This was a record amount for our company. Our fiscal 2021 financial results include: Total case volume growth of 15.4% Net sales increased 21.2 % to $30.4 billion Gross profit improved 22.9% to $3.5 billion Net Income increased 135.7% to $40.7 million EBITDA increased 219.3% to $546.0 million Adjusted EBITDA increased 54.2% to $625.3 million1 Diluted Earnings Per Share (“EPS”) increased 129.7% to $0.30 Total case volume increased 15.4% in fiscal 2021. Excluding the 53rd week in fiscal 2021, case volume increased 13.0% compared to the prior year. Net sales for fiscal 2021 increased 21.2 % to $30.4 billion. The increase in net sales was primarily attributable to the acquisition of Reinhart and the 53rd week in fiscal 2021, partially offset by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. Gross profit for fiscal 2021 increased 22.9% compared to the prior year, to $3.5 billion. The gross profit increase was led by the acquisition of Reinhart and the 53rd week in fiscal 2021. The acquisition of Reinhart contributed an increase in gross profit of $501.4 million for fiscal 2021, compared to the prior year. Also, gross profit increased due to an increase in gross profit per case driven by case growth in Foodservice, particularly in the independent channel. ACQUISITIONS & INTEGRATIONS PFG has been a disciplined and proven acquirer over the past several years with a history of successful integrations. Despite the external challenges brought on by the pandemic, we continued along the path of integrating the Eby-Brown and Reinhart businesses into our organization. I am incredibly pleased with the results. Both Eby-Brown and Reinhart are now integral parts of our organization, thanks to a smooth transition into our company. In May 2021, we announced an agreement to acquire Core-Mark. We closed the transaction on September 1st, adding to PFG’s strong c-store distribution platform established with the purchase of Eby-Brown. The deal makes PFG the second largest convenience store distributor in the U.S. with approximately $44 billion in annual pro-forma net sales. This acquisition increases our scale and geographic reach, adding approximately 41,000 additional c-store locations for us to service and to sell our diverse line of products. The transaction also takes PFG into our first international market, Canada. We are excited to bring the outstanding leadership and expertise of Core-Mark to the PFG family of companies. CONTINUED GROWTH STRATEGY The COVID-19 pandemic continued to shape the world around us in fiscal 2021. However, PFG marched forward, shaping the future of our company. Our business continues to expand, both organically and through targeted acquisitions. This has resulted in increased scale and operational capabilities, which we have directed at servicing our customers and driving strong financial results. The integration of Reinhart progressed smoothly and the results from that transaction consistently exceed our expectations. The team is now working hard to integrate Core-Mark, which we believe is an important step in our strategic vision. We continue to accelerate our ESG efforts and aim to be a leader in our industry on environmental, social and governance topics. All of these achievements could not have been possible without the hard work of our associates and support from stakeholders. We believe we have exited fiscal 2021 stronger than we were 12 months ago and are excited for all that is in store for the year ahead. 

Best regards,

George L. Holm 

Chairman, President and CEO
