For 67 years, Polaris has proudly defined, re-defined and then raised the bar again with the products we design and experiences we create to help our customers THINK OUTSIDE. And that legacy continued in 2021.

The Polaris team, with a relentless customer focus, innovative spirit and focused execution, delivered another record-setting year. We topped new heights with sales of $8.2 billion and earnings per share of $9.13. Across off-road vehicles (ORV), snow, motorcycles and boats, market share gains continued on a global basis. Our Parts, Garments and Accessories (PG&A) and powersports aftermarket portfolio exceeded $1.5 billion in sales, a 24 percent increase for the year, and our international business also surpassed $1 billion up 34 percent over 2020, both Polaris firsts.

These numbers are, in part, a result of our efforts to invite broader and more diverse groups of people to THINK OUTSIDE and experience the riding lifestyle firsthand. Over the last two years, the number of new powersports customers coming into Polaris grew by 16 percent across our portfolio of brands.

Innovation flourished with the introduction of over 30 new vehicles and more than 500 new accessories last year. We launched several category-defining vehicles, illustrating our long history of innovation leadership: the long-awaited RZR Pro R and RZR Turbo R models reclaim our position atop the wide-open side-by-side category, while the introduction of the all-new electric RANGER XP Kinetic in December resulted in pre-orders selling out in a matter of hours.

Our focus on innovation extended beyond just our products. Our pre-sold order program helped us sidestep supply chain constraints to continue attracting and retaining customers. Our NorthStar dealer program, which incentivizes dealers to drive customer experience and operations enhancements, has led to measurable improvements in dealer performance, customer service and profitability. Polaris Adventures had more than 400,000 rides across 200 plus outfitter locations, and we launched Polaris Adventures Select, the industry's first membership program, in four states, with plans to expand in 2022 and beyond. With the vast majority of Polaris Adventures customers having never owned a Polaris vehicle, these entryway experiences make powersports more accessible and enable us to introduce even more people to Polaris.

To keep pace with global demand and to accommodate upcoming new product introductions, we added production capacity at our facilities in Monterrey and Indiana, as well as increased capacity in Wilmington to support PG&A distribution. Production of mid-size Indian motorcycles was also started in Vietnam to accommodate anticipated growth in the Asian and Australian markets.

We continue to put product quality and safety first with the announcement of a seasoned Polaris leader being appointed to the newly elevated role of Chief Product Excellence, Quality and Safety Officer.

The year was not without its challenges, as supply chain disruptions intensified, the labor market tightened and pressure on our dealer channel increased with inventory levels remaining at historic lows. Despite the headwind, the Polaris team navigated the challenging environment with agility, tenacity and focus. Our strategic sourcing initiative, which we kicked off in 2018, put us on the path of transforming our supplier relationships and has proven vital during this pandemic.

This past year, our management team and board took a step back to reflect on the growth we've accomplished, and re-ground ourselves on our path forward and what kind of company we want to be over the long term.

As the global leader in powersports, no one understands this industry, and its potential, better than Polaris. We see a clear opportunity to grow powersports and welcome in even more new customers, while continuing to exceed the expectations of those who have loved our brands for years with innovation and a continued focus on quality.

To best capitalize on this opportunity, we refined our strategy to refocus our investments on our current core segments — Off-Road, On-Road, Marine and Aftermarket — while also targeting improved productivity, expanded margins, and extending our global industry leadership position.

We've identified six objectives to bring this refined strategy to life:

Best Customer Experience. We will provide our current and future customers with the best possible overall experience, including dealer interactions for service and delivery, the most desirable, most satisfying and trusted products and services in the industry, and providing a business model that encourages more diverse groups of people to experience the outdoors.

Inspirational Brands. We will bring to life brands our owners are proud to be associated with, and excited to showcase and share with friends and family. Brands that continue to be viewed as authentic, unique, engaging, and just fun to experience and supports our THINK OUTSIDE mindset.

Rider-Driven Innovation. We listen and learn directly from our customers to deliver products, experiences and services that matter most to them. Electrification, connected vehicles, Adventures, Adventures Select and RIDE COMMAND are just a few recent examples of the opportunity we have here.

Agile and Efficient Operations. We take lean operations a step further by aligning processes, tools and people to deliver the most responsive customer-centric service levels in powersports while leveraging our scale to drive industry-leading productivity.

Best Team, Best Culture. Our team and culture are what makes achieving our goals possible. We will hire, develop and retain the best people, constantly challenge them with new opportunities and high expectations, and reward those who achieve and exceed those expectations.

Geared For Good. A core belief that as the global powersports leader, we have a responsibility to be good stewards for our industry, employees, riders, communities and the outdoors. Along with our unwavering commitment to Safety and Ethics Always, we remain more committed than ever to making a positive impact by being Geared For Good.

We expect 2022 to be another record year for Polaris, with strong revenues and net income growth. Challenges within the supply chain are expected to persist and the Polaris team stands ready to navigate through these challenges just as we did last year.

Combined with our newly refocused strategy, the opportunities for growth, continued consumer interest in the outdoors and value creation look very promising. We will continue to raise the bar through elevated experiences, inspirational brands and rider-driven innovations, backed by the best and brightest people in the industry.

With passion, innovation and leadership, Polaris will continue to set the standard for the future of powersports by powering passion and pioneering new possibilities for all those who play, work and THINK OUTSIDE.

Mike Speetzen
CEO
