Dear Shareowners,

Building on the momentum we created leading up to the pandemic, P&G people delivered strong results across the top line, bottom line and cash again in fiscal year 2021. These results and our momentum reflect the underlying strength of our integrated strategy and our organization. For the fiscal year, organic sales grew more than 6%, core earnings per share were up 11%, currency neutral core earnings per share were also up 11%, and adjusted free cash flow productivity was 107%. These are strong results in challenging circumstances on top of equally strong results leading up to the pandemic. For perspective, in the six quarters preceding COVID-19, through the October to December 2019 quarter, we grew organic sales an average of 5%, ahead of market growth. This momentum has continued in 2020 and 2021, with organic sales growing an average of 6% over the past six quarters, while overcoming significant challenges as a result of the pandemic. Our core earnings per share results tell a similar story, with calendar year 2019 quarterly core earnings per share growth 15% on average. That strength continued over the past six quarters, with core earnings per share growth of 9% on average.

In fiscal year 2021, growth was broad-based, with each of our 10 product categories growing or holding organic sales. Home Care grew in the high teens. Oral Care grew double digits. Skin & Personal Care grew high single digits. Grooming, Fabric Care, Feminine Care, Hair Care and Personal Health Care each grew midsingle digits. Family Care grew low single digits, and Baby Care sales were in line with the prior fiscal year.

We again delivered strong results in our two largest and most profitable markets. Organic sales were up 8% in the U.S. and 12% in Greater China for the fiscal year. Focus markets grew 7% for the year. Enterprise markets grew 5% despite significant market growth impacts from the pandemic. E-commerce sales were up 35% for the year and are now over $10 billion in sales, representing 14% of total Company sales. P&G’s global aggregate market share increased 50 basis points, and 33 of our top 50 country/category combinations held or grew share for the year. Our quarterly dividend increase of 10% in April 2021 was the largest increase in over a decade. We returned $19 billion of value to shareowners through $8 billion in dividends and $11 billion in share repurchase. In April, we announced a 10% increase in our dividend — the 65th consecutive annual dividend increase, and the 131st consecutive year in which P&G has paid a dividend.

To sum up, P&G people have operated with excellent discipline in a challenging and volatile environment, and we exceeded each of our going-in targets for the year, across organic sales growth, core EPS growth, free cash flow productivity and cash returned to shareowners. While we’re pleased with these results and the overall strength of our business, the external environment continues to be volatile and difficult to predict, and our eyes are wide open to the many challenges we face. We compete in product categories against highly capable multinational and local competitors. Raw material and transport freight costs have risen sharply. Increased social unrest and economic distress in many parts of the world are putting pressure on local GDP growth. Geopolitical divisions are creating business uncertainty. And the pandemic continues to create risks of supply chain disruptions. Indeed, the biggest uncertainty we face remains the pandemic, and many countries are still experiencing high numbers of COVID-19 cases. Virus spikes in some markets will likely delay their economic recovery, and current models predict it may be 2023 or 2024 before there are enough vaccines broadly distributed to cover the world’s population. While the near term will be challenging, we’re stepping forward, not back — focused on our integrated strategy and our immediate priorities to grow through the difficulties we’re facing. 

Stepping Up and Stepping Forward In This Time of Need 

P&G people continue to step up and step forward in this ongoing time of need to keep each other safe, to serve consumers and to support communities around the world. Given the uncertainty globally, we still have every reason to keep focused on these three priorities, which have been guiding our actions day in and day out during this crisis. Our first priority is always the safety of P&G people. From mask-wearing and social distancing to proper hand-washing and regular sanitization, we know basic safety protocols work. Doing these things consistently matters, and we continue to rely on our proven protocols for safety. Any decision to reduce or alter these practices has been and will be based on local transmission rates, as well as local government guidance and regulations. Our second priority is maximizing the availability of the products we produce so we can continue to do our part to help people and their families with their increased cleaning, health and hygiene needs. I am proud of the way P&G people and our business partners have come together to maintain the production, distribution and availability of our brands despite disruptions from mobility issues, supply interruption and local mandates, among other challenges. Our third priority is supporting our communities, and we continue to provide help to those who are still dealing with the health and economic impacts of the pandemic, including significant donations of products, cash, personal protective equipment, and COVID-19 tests to communities and families in need around the world. Vaccines are an important step to protect people, and, with broad adoption, vaccines can help improve and eventually bring an end to the pandemic. Through contributions to COVAX, an initiative of the World Health Organization (WHO), we’re helping to ensure equitable access to vaccines in more than 90 countries throughout Asia, Africa, Latin America, the Middle East, and parts of Europe. As we manage through this crisis, we’ll continue to focus on these three priorities that have been guiding our near-term actions. Importantly, these priorities are completely congruent with our longterm strategic choices.

A Winning Strategy 

Our integrated strategy was delivering strong results before the crisis, it is serving us well during the pandemic, and we believe it will continue to serve us well after the crisis through a portfolio of daily-use categories where performance drives brand choice; superiority across product, package, brand communication, retail execution and value; productivity in all areas of cost and cash; constructive disruption in all facets of our operations; and a more agile, accountable and empowered organization. These are not independent strategic choices. They reinforce and build on each other, and when executed well, lead to balanced top- and bottom-line growth and value creation. There is still opportunity for improvement in every facet of this strategy, and we continue to raise the bar to deliver sustained excellence. 

A Strong and Focused Portfolio 

Our strategy starts with a strong, focused portfolio positioned to win with consumers, made up of daily-use products where performance plays a significant role in brand choice. Our portfolio has 10 categories: Fabric Care, Home Care, Baby Care, Feminine Care, Family Care, Hair Care, Skin & Personal Care, Oral Care, Personal Health Care, and Grooming. These are financially attractive categories that leverage P&G’s strengths and where we have leading or significant market positions, and we remain very confident in their growth and value creation potential. In each of these 10 performance-driven categories, we continue to work to increase the superiority of our offerings.

Superiority: A Higher Standard of Excellence 

Superiority matters because it drives category growth, household penetration, strong share positions, and winning sales and profit growth — and builds business for our retail partners. Four years ago, we established a higher standard of excellence — a standard of irresistible superiority across product, package, brand communication, retail execution, and value. When we started on this journey, we set the superiority bar high. We wanted to be irresistibly or noticeably superior across each of the five vectors, and not just in a lab or versus our own tests; it had to translate to consumer delight. To assess superiority, we use a “body of evidence” approach to provide a holistic and transparent evaluation across each of the five vectors, using a mix of tests, data, reviews, and in-market measurements. We look at our superiority versus competition and whether we’re improving. We know we’ve raised the bar on superiority when a consumer has an experience that lifts their expectations and makes it harder to go back to what they were using before. Today, 75% of our portfolio is judged as superior, and we make continuous improvements in response to consumer needs and changing industry dynamics. Where we feel we’ve achieved 80% or 90% superiority across the five vectors, we use this as motivation to raise our standards again and, importantly, to continue to grow markets. For example, we’ve been assessing the superiority of our unit-dose laundry detergents versus our competition, and that has worked to help maintain our superiority up until now. In fact, globally today we have an over 70% share of the unit-dose detergent category. But now we’ve raised the bar on how we assess unit-dose superiority, shifting from comparing ourselves versus competition to a higher bar — asking ourselves if our proposition is superior enough for people who use liquid detergent, the most popular laundry detergent form, to trade up to unit dose. Superiority is an opportunity that never ends — the bar is constantly being raised, by us and our competition. We’re continuously making investments to strengthen the long-term health and competitiveness of our brands, extend our margin of advantage and quality of execution, and improve options for consumers around the world.

A Productivity Mindset 

Extending our levels of superiority, creating the financial flexibility to manage through increased external volatility, and an ongoing need to drive balanced top- and bottomline growth requires productivity up and down the income statement and across the balance sheet. We’re delivering significant cost and cash efficiency with many more opportunities ahead. We’re discovering lower-cost ways of working with fewer resources —  today’s necessity giving rise to the productivity inventions of tomorrow. New digital tools are being brought to the forefront, providing another productivity driver — in our labs, in the office environment and on the factory floor. For example, our Product Supply organization has successfully leveraged automation solutions to fuel productivity and accelerate our journey toward an End-to-End Synchronized Supply Network. Investments like this have enabled significant savings over the past 10 years, with more ahead.

In Brand Building, data & analytics and digital technology are reinventing how we work. We’ve already seen significant savings in agency fees and production costs, with further savings ahead. These are just two examples. Over the last 10 years, we’ve fully embedded a productivity mindset into our operations and activity system. It is part of our DNA; now as integral to our culture as innovation. Productivity work never ends and will remain a significant part of our focus. 

Leading Constructive Disruption

The pandemic has only accelerated disruption in what was already a rapidly changing world. We’ve found that the best way to deal with disruption is not just to accept it, but to lead it in a way that creates positive outcomes. We use the term “constructive disruption” because it implies a bias towards positive action — changing in a meaningful way that leads to competitive advantage and creates value for retailers, investors, employees and consumers alike. We’re innovating how we innovate, moving faster by combining over 180 years of expertise with the entrepreneurial spirit of a startup. Our Oral-B iO power brush is a terrific example. Oral-B iO combines a linear magnetic drive system with an embedded 3D tracking technology that learns how users brush to guide them across highly personalized brushing modes for their best clean. In our supply chain, we’re developing a generation of new, digitally enabled technology platforms, like the Minimum Order Quantity platform (MOQx), a scalable, multi-SKU manufacturing capability. MOQx offers significant flexibility in modularity and scalability and can produce new SKUs in less than a week, from ideation to production. We’re also reinventing brand building, starting with reinventing media, to achieve mass reach with greater precision. For example, we’re accelerating automated, programmatic media buying. In China, 90% of media spending is digital, and more than 65% is bought through programmatic media. In the U.S. and Europe, we’re shifting from generic demographic-based audiences to “smart audiences” with profiles that enable reach with greater precision through programmatic buying. With the increasing shift to e-commerce and the use of digital for commerce with omni-retailers, we’re strengthening our in-house search capability to ensure our brands are seen first in key search terms and to serve content that clearly demonstrates the superiority of our brands versus competition.

Leading constructive disruption drives sustainability as well. For example, we’re creating and investing in digital watermarks to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the recycling value chain. Digital watermarks are imperceptible to the naked eye, yet scannable with digital tools. They turn ordinary packages into “intelligent objects,” allowing for more accurate sorting at recycling centers. This improves the quality and quantity of recycled material, leading to more value and less waste. This P&G-initiated effort is positioned to benefit the entire value chain and help address the critical sustainability goal of achieving a circular economy, and it has applications that extend far beyond recycling. The constructive disruption we’re leading in all areas of the value chain is critical to succeed in the dynamic world we live in today and tomorrow, and the work we’re doing to lead constructive disruption throughout P&G shows that we’re agile and willing to change anything and everything needed to win, except our Purpose, Values and Principles. 

A Highly Engaged Organization and Culture 

Our willingness to change is best demonstrated by the organization structure changes we implemented in July 2019. Today, we operate P&G through industrybased sector business units that manage our 10 product categories, with a differentiated approach in Focus Markets and Enterprise Markets, and a very small corporate group with best-in-class functional expertise. As a result, we now have a more empowered, agile and accountable organization with little overlap or redundancy, flowing to new demands, and seamlessly supporting each other to deliver our strategic choices around the world. This new design is working well, especially during the pandemic as people are closer to the consumers and customers they serve. We continue to evolve our structure and will be moving from six sector business units to five, combining Baby Care, Feminine Care and Family Care into one sector business unit to better take advantage of synergies in talent and shared competition. P&G’s culture is strong. P&G people are committed, driven and highly engaged, and we see that clearly in our annual employee survey results, which, despite the pandemic, remain high. Our foundational Purpose, Values and Principles continue to be a primary source of strength and pride, and we have record high scores in confidence in leadership and direction. Our employees also value our strong culture of Equality & Inclusion. P&G’s organization is well prepared for the future. This includes a diverse group of senior leaders with significant depth and experience across our business and operations, with the right mix of skills and capabilities needed to drive the Company forward.

Citizenship and ESG: A Force for Good and A Force for Growth 

P&G’s ability to do well is connected to our commitment to doing good, and our ability to do good is strengthened by our growth. It’s a virtuous cycle, and as a Company we’re committed to be a force for good and force for growth in everything we do. We refer to our efforts in Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG), as well as our additional activities and commitments in related spaces, as “Citizenship,” which we believe is a holistic way to talk about all our efforts. We’ve built Citizenship into how we do business every day across each one of our Citizenship priorities: Environmental Sustainability, Equality & Inclusion, and Community Impact, with a foundation of Ethics & Corporate Responsibility.

Environmental Sustainability has been embedded in how P&G does business for decades. Over the past 10 years, we have reduced our greenhouse gas emissions by 50%, reached zero manufacturing waste to landfill across all production sites globally, and doubled the use of recycled resin in our plastic packaging. As we look to the future, our Ambition 2030 program includes commitments that our global operations will be carbon neutral for the decade by driving breakthrough energy efficiency, purchasing 100% renewable electricity globally and using natural climate solutions to compensate for any remaining emissions. Our Ambition 2030 goals also include improving finished product transportation emissions efficiency by 50%, making 100% of packaging recyclable or reusable, and reducing virgin petroleum plastic packaging by 50%. Later this year, we’ll issue a climate transition action plan outlining our plans toward a long-term objective of net zero greenhouse gas emissions. We’re also committed to using our voice, reach, innovation and expertise to make responsible consumption across all our brands irresistible, and we’ve recently launched a program called “It’s Our Home” to share how small actions at home can make a big difference in reducing energy use, waste and water. Our Equality & Inclusion efforts are guided by our aspiration to help create a world where equality and inclusion are achievable for all; where respect and inclusion are the cornerstones of our culture; and where equal access and opportunity to learn, grow, succeed and thrive are available to everyone, inside and outside of P&G. We support equality and inclusion with our employees, through our brands, with our business partners and in our communities. Over the last year, we have strengthened our diversity at all levels of our Company, including our Board of Directors, and are now publicly sharing our workforce representation data at pg.com/equalityandinclusion. We have also used our voice externally to address inequality. We introduced “Widen The Screen,” a broad creative and partnership platform that enables and advocates for increased inclusion of Black creators across the advertising, film and television industries, broadening the spectrum of the images we see, the voices we hear, the stories we tell and the people we understand. Our Community Impact work supports people and communities through trying times and unexpected challenges by being there to help with our trusted brands, which people count on to take care of their personal health and to create clean and healthy homes. We continue to provide COVID-19 relief around the world through donations of products, cash and personal protective equipment. And while the pandemic is rightfully top of mind, there are many people who’ve also faced natural disasters around the world, and we’ve responded to support those dealing with fires, floods, typhoons, hurricanes and other emergencies. Our Children’s Safe Drinking Water Program continues to provide clean drinking water to those who lack access, reaching 18 billion liters of clean water provided since the program began, thanks to the collaboration of more than 150 partners, and we’re on our way to 25 billion liters by 2025. Ethics & Corporate Responsibility — good governance —  is the foundation for everything we do at P&G, including our Citizenship work. From long experience, we know that building and sustaining a robust business depends on maintaining strong ethical, compliance and quality standards, and for more than 180 years, we’ve been guided by our Purpose, Values and Principles.

This is just an overview of our Citizenship work, and I encourage you to learn more from our annual Citizenship report at pg.com as well as from our ESG Investor website at pginvestor.com/esg. We continue to put significant effort against our Citizenship priorities so that P&G can be a force for good and a force for growth in the world. 

Strong Leadership to Take P&G Forward 

I’m proud to share that on July 29th, P&G’s Board of Directors unanimously elected Jon Moeller, Vice Chair and Chief Operating Officer, to succeed me as President and Chief Executive Officer, effective November 1, 2021. Jon has been an integral part of P&G’s leadership team for well over two decades, helping develop the strategies that we are executing with excellence to drive P&G’s growth today. Jon is fully committed to P&G and P&G people. He is an outstanding leader, trusted confidant and valued partner to me and many across the Company, and I have benefited tremendously from his foresight, his focus and his friendship in my time as CEO. In addition, Shailesh Jejurikar has been elected Chief Operating Officer, effective October 1, 2021. Shailesh currently serves as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company’s Fabric & Home Care sector, P&G’s largest business unit, which has consistently delivered industry-leading results. I will transition to the role of Executive Chairman and support Jon and our terrific executive team as they continue to build on the strong momentum we have established through an integrated strategy that is being executed with excellence by P&G people everywhere. 

Sustained Excellence 

Today, and every day, is a day to step forward to win and deliver sustained excellence. Our work over the past several years has given us a strong foundation, but the opportunity ahead of us is even greater. That must be our mindset. Learn from the past, create the winning future — focused on creating value. We understand the barriers. We’re clear about the near-term challenges ahead, but we see the possibilities because, collectively, with the diverse set of talent we have and the inclusive culture we’re working hard to create, we can do almost anything once we set our minds to it. We know we’re capable. We have established strong momentum through an integrated strategy that is being executed with excellence by P&G people everywhere — a winning portfolio; superiority across product, package, communication, retail execution and value; productivity in everything we do; leading constructive disruption; and a more agile, accountable and empowered organization. These strategic choices are working well, and we have a long runway ahead to keep driving them. We’ll manage what is likely to be a volatile near term consistent with this strategy and against the immediate priorities of ensuring employee health and safety, maximizing availability of our products to serve cleaning, health, and hygiene needs and helping society overcome the COVID-19 challenges that still exist in many parts of the world. I believe we’re well-positioned to grow through and beyond the pandemic, led by a team of committed, dedicated people who want to win with consumers, for our shareowners and stakeholders, and for each other. I look forward to supporting Jon, P&G’s lead team and P&G people everywhere as they continue to raise the bar on winning to deliver sustained excellence.



David S. Taylor

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer
