Dear Stockholders and Associates, 

It has been two years since our lives changed forever as the world faced the type of pandemic not seen in more than a hundred years. While we are still facing challenges because of COVID-19, last year we focused on taking steps to move forward as a company, a Publix family and a community partner. We are proud of the major accomplishment of quickly having a system ready to schedule appointments for customers and associates wanting to get vaccinated. Within days of the state of Florida asking retailers to help with vaccination efforts, we modified our flu vaccine online reservation solution to support the COVID-19 vaccine and became the first retail pharmacy in Florida to vaccinate customers inside a store. Since early January 2021, we have administered more than 7 million doses of the COVID-19 vaccine to customers throughout our operating area. Our associates’ efforts to end this pandemic have been amazing. They have truly been our shining stars and have been the definition of what providing premier service is all about. 

In loving memory. 

The pride we felt in helping protect our customers and associates from COVID-19 was matched, however, by the sorrow we felt in December when our Publix family lost a great humanitarian and community advocate, Carol Jenkins Barnett. Carol, daughter of our founder, George W. Jenkins, was the former chair and president of Publix Super Markets Charities. From her first role as a cashier to serving on Publix’s board of directors, Carol carried on her father’s legacy in each role she held at Publix. Serving on the foundation’s board of directors, her passion for the needs of our communities grew and gave her a deeper understanding of her father’s interests, philosophies and goals for philanthropic giving. Carol made significant contributions to many nonprofit organizations and for the betterment of all children with investments in early childhood education programs. She will be sorely missed and always remembered for her generosity and compassion. 

2021 summarized. 

In 2021, we achieved sales of $48 billion, a 7% increase over 2020. Net earnings in 2021 were $4.4 billion, up 11.1% from 2020. Earnings per share increased to $6.40 from $5.67 the previous year. Without the impact of net unrealized gains on equity securities, our net earnings for 2021 would have been $3.6 billion, a 2.6% decrease compared to $3.7 billion in 2020, and earnings per share for 2021 would have been $5.21, compared to $5.27 per share in 2020. As of March 1, 2022, our stock price was $68.80 as compared to $60.20 on March 1, 2021. That growth allowed us to continue to invest in our stores. In 2021, we opened 45 new stores and closed 16 for a net gain of 29. We also remodeled 134 stores. In September, we announced signing a lease for our first store in Kentucky — our eighth state. And by the end of 2021, we’d announced our second location in the Bluegrass State. We are excited to welcome the commonwealth of Kentucky to our Publix family in late 2023. 

Our associates make the Publix difference. 

Last year was full of new beginnings, sharing ideas and celebrating each other.

Starting new chapters 

After 46 years of dedicated service, Scott Brubaker, Jacksonville Division Vice President, retired at the end of June. He was instrumental in leading new market growth in Alabama and areas in northern Florida, as well as training and mentoring thousands of associates throughout their careers. With Scott’s retirement, we welcomed Adrian Bennett to his new role. After 48 years of dedicated service, Mark Irby, Vice President of Marketing, retired at the end of last month. He was dedicated to helping shape, promote and protect the Publix brand, and his passion for bringing it to life helped build loyal customers in our existing and new markets. Upon his retirement, we congratulated Malinda Renfroe on her promotion. After 29 years of dedicated service, Bob Balcerak, Vice President of Real Estate Strategy, announced his decision to retire at the end of this month. His leadership in new store growth, new market and site acquisition strategies has helped prepare us for the future. Next month, we will welcome Bridgid O’Connor to her new role. We also celebrated the promotions of John Goff to Senior Vice President of Retail Operations, Matt Crawley to Miami Division Vice President, Kyle Davis to Vice President of Distribution, Chris Haake to Vice President of Replenishment and Purchasing Support, Merriann Metz to Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, and Chris Mesa and Doug Stalbaum both to Vice President and Controller. We appreciate the work Scott, Mark and Bob have accomplished throughout the years and look forward to seeing how these newly promoted leaders will build on the foundations laid before them. 

Bringing new ideas

Mr. George believed that no one person could make a company a success on their own, and we still believe that today. The ideas that come from our associates are key components of our success. To make sharing those ideas easier, we launched Idea Spot in March. This idea-sharing platform allows our associates to participate in targeted challenges, and share and build on each other’s ideas. 

Celebrating our Publix family 

Our associates have been beacons of hope for many of our customers, especially over the past two years, which is one reason why celebrating them is so important to us. In 2020, what started as a way to recognize graduates when graduation ceremonies were canceled across the country has continued as a way to celebrate their hard work. Between 2020 and 2021, we recognized more than 10,000 associates as they closed one chapter in their lives and opened another. For many of these associates, they looked to our educational support programs to help them through, whether it was reimbursement for a GED or tuition. Unfortunately, with COVID-19 guidelines, we weren’t able to come together at our annual retail operations conference to recognize our leaders who were recipients of our most prestigious awards. The George W. Jenkins Award recognizes leaders who exemplify leadership, perpetuate the Publix culture and demonstrate commitment to Mr. George’s vision. Our 2020 recipients are Brian Aten, Tim Bismarck, Don Bridwell Sr., Mackenzie Mast, Bill Pelham and Tom Stelzer. Our 2021 recipients are Janella Long, James Saul, Mike Skehan, David Sutton, Kerri Tubbs and Terry Walden. The President’s Award recognizes leaders who have proven their dedication to fairness; mentoring future leaders; and maintaining the dignity, value and employment security of their associates. Our 2020 recipients are Luis Gonzalez, John Kisgen, Tony Minor, Trae O’Steen, Mike Sibila and Keith Williams. Our 2021 recipients are Theresa Chambless, LaShawndra Johnson, Mark Jordan, Chris McGough, Lisa Patton and Brett Tessier.

The Mr. George Community Service Award recognizes associates who exemplify the giving spirit of our founder. Our 2020 recipients are Scott Barnes, Shelly Carroll, Kedrin Fraum, Eddie Guzman, Josh Stubblefield and Scott Wilson. Eight of our associates were named to Progressive Grocer’s Top Women in Grocery list. The honorees were recognized for their overall excellence and continued achievements. The recipients this year were Marcy Benton, Maria Brous, Lillian Cook, Tiena Davis, Elesha Prince, Cindy Roberts, Marsha Singh and Abbie Van Wagner. Drug Store News named two of our associates as Top Women in Health, Wellness & Beauty. Kathy Leonard and Katie Scanlon were recognized with the Business Excellence Award for their demonstrated achievement, growth and success in the industry. 

Our customers experience the Publix difference. 

Meeting them where they are 

Our customers’ needs during the pandemic accelerated our omnichannel growth. Many of our customers wanted an alternative to in-store shopping, so they looked for ways to either have groceries delivered to their homes or brought out to their cars. Many of our customers who started using these services during the pandemic continue to use them. We knew we couldn’t stop by offering just curbside and delivery services for traditional groceries. To continue to serve our online customers, we expanded our grab and go, ready-to-eat and ready-to-heat product offerings, and started offering an assortment of fresh fish. We continue to innovate. In all our stores with delivery, we offer Quick Picks, which allows for small orders to be delivered in as fast as 30 minutes. 

Joining the club 

In 2020, we launched our free loyalty program — Club Publix. We continue to enhance the perks that come with joining the club. Whether it’s a free sweet treat for your birthday or earning a percentage cash back on qualifying orders, being part of the club is like being part of our family. 

Recognizing tops in service

Customer service is our hallmark, and every year we recognize one store in each division that excels at providing premier service with the Customer Service Excellence Award. Our 2020 recipients are #708, Jacksonville, Florida; #757, Merritt Island, Florida; #1525, Troy, Alabama; #1611, Odessa, Florida; and #1640, Waynesville, North Carolina. Our 2021 recipients are #352, Lakeland, Florida; #1126, Huntsville, Alabama; #1386, Hialeah, Florida; #1430, Orlando, Florida; and #1619, Hampstead, North Carolina. 

Our communities benefit from the Publix difference. 

Alleviating hunger 

The increase we saw of people experiencing food insecurity during 2020 continued through last year, and we remained focused on ways we could help make the biggest impact. In 2020, our farmers and families initiative was successful in bridging the gap between helping farmers and feeding those in need. In 2021, we decided to fold that initiative into one of our register programs, creating something new — Feeding More Together. Through this program, we are supporting food banks throughout the Southeast in two ways: with produce purchased from Southeastern farmers and delivered directly to Feeding America member food banks and with nonperishable food items funded by customer donations at the register.

Through our in-store perishable recovery program, our associates gather much-needed wholesome, but unsalable, dairy, deli and meat items as well as produce to donate to food banks throughout our operating area. As a result of these efforts, we have provided nearly 400 million meals to feed those in need over the last two years. During Hunger Action Month in September, we shared the message of need through our 30 Days of Hunger social media campaign. During the month, we also announced Publix Super Markets Charities’ donation of $5.5 million to 300 Feeding America member food banks and other nonprofit organizations. Our efforts to do more together were recognized by Progressive Grocer with its inaugural Impact Award in the category of Community Service/Local Impact. 

Focusing on sustainability 

For the fifth year in a row, we donated $125,000 to the Arbor Day Foundation to plant 125,000 trees in two damaged Florida watersheds: the Withlacoochee River Watershed and Little Orange Creek Preserve. Funded entirely by proceeds from the sale of select Publix-branded reusable bags, these donations resulted in 731,000 trees being planted over the last six years. In April, we launched our spring Publix Serves Week when our associates focused on volunteer efforts to help the environment. At the same time, we announced an additional commitment to sustainability. We are contributing $2 million to the National Audubon Society and the National Park Foundation to remove invasive trees and plants in 1,000 acres of wetland in the Florida Everglades. 

Making an impact 

We take our commitment to our communities seriously, and we know there’s always a chance to do more. So last year in addition to our annual campaigns, we deepened our commitment. Our customers partner with us to support nonprofit organizations in our operating area. Many of them find giving at the register a simple way to do good together. In 2020, the pandemic greatly influenced individuals’ abilities to donate, but last year, we saw an increase in giving. Our customers and associates gave $4.5 million to Special Olympics, $5.4 million to March of Dimes (earning the recognition of No. 1 corporate partner for the sixth straight year), $4.4 million to Children’s Miracle Network and $4.3 million to Tools for Back to School. Our support of United Way started with Mr. George. Last summer, United Way named Publix its No. 1 Global Corporate Leader for the second year in a row for the total contribution given for our 2020 campaign by our associates and Publix Super Markets Charities. For our 2021 campaign, our associates pledged $31.4 million. Publix and Publix Super Markets Charities contributed a total of $180,000 to support the education and well-being of students at nine colleges and universities in our operating area. Through a collaboration with the United Negro College Fund, Publix provided a total of $90,000 in Publix Cares scholarships to 45 minority students attending the selected schools. In addition, we donated $45,000 in food and other products, and Publix Super Markets Charities donated $45,000 in funding, to support food pantries serving students at these schools. In times of disaster, the communities we serve look to us for help. In March, our communities in Alabama and Tennessee experienced tornadoes and flooding. Our customers in those impacted areas donated $160,000 to the American Red Cross, and Publix Super Markets Charities donated $100,000 to the American Red Cross and United Way. Then the unthinkable happened in June when a 12-story condominium in Surfside, Florida, partially collapsed, killing 98 people. To serve others during the tragedy, we provided meals and water to families whose homes were destroyed, to individuals waiting at the family assistance center to hear about their loved ones, and to the first responders who worked tirelessly until every person was accounted for. As those efforts continued, Hurricane Ida hit the Southeast in August. Through our register program, customers donated $440,000 to the American Red Cross, and Publix Super Markets Charities donated $250,000 to the American Red Cross and United Way. It truly is an honor and a privilege to give back to the communities that support us every day.

Outside organizations see the Publix difference. 

Earlier I talked about Publix associates making the difference. Their efforts last year were honored by many organizations. I’ve included a few of them:

No. 1 in supermarket category, Newsweek’s America’s Best Customer Service

Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For, for 24 years — one of five companies to be on the list every year since its inception in 1998

Fortune’s Best Workplaces in Retail

Fortune’s Best Workplaces for Millennials

Fortune’s Best Workplaces for Women

Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies

Forbes’ America’s Best Employers for New Grads

Forbes’ America’s Best Employers for Veterans

Forbes’ America’s Best Employers by State for Alabama, Florida, Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina and Tennessee

Forbes’ Halo 100

Zitter Insights’ Specialty Pharmacy Patient Choice Award 

Our commitment to the Publix difference. 

As you can see, the Publix difference affects our success on a daily basis. We know how important it is to keep connected to our associates, customers and communities. In some ways, I think the pandemic has brought us closer together as a Publix family. To go through an experience none of us should ever see again in our lifetimes creates an unbreakable bond. As company owners, it’s our responsibility to do everything we can to help grow Publix’s success, whether it’s shopping in our stores, suggesting career paths for current and future associates, or supporting Publix’s founding philosophies in our lives. Mr. George said our Publix philosophy recognizes the importance of each individual. That continues to be what we strive for today. It’s about being inclusive. So, I hope you’ll think about what Publix has achieved over the last 91 years and what we’re doing right now to innovate and improve our processes. But most importantly, I hope you’ll think about our focus on our associates and desire to continuously evolve. This focus on our associates, innovation and continuous improvement has made Publix what it is today. I’m proud of what our Publix family has accomplished and what our brand stands for. I know together we will continue to make Publix a great place to work and the store where shopping is a pleasure. 



Thank you for all you do.



Todd Jones

CEO
