Dear Fellow Shareholders: As you know, this is my last year as President and CEO. What a privilege it has been to lead this company over the last 16 years, working alongside extraordinary team members dedicated to advancing the wonderful legacies of our founders. Thanks to the innovation and commitment of our team members and vendor partners, the engagement and loyalty of our customers, and the support of our communities and investors, Qurate Retail is a world leader in video commerce, a top-10 ecommerce retailer in North America, and a leader in streaming, mobile, and social. Together, our seven brands served more than 22 million customers worldwide in 2020 and generated nearly two-thirds of our combined revenue via our websites and apps. Over the years, we have gone from answering questions about why our video commerce model is still relevant, to watching others try to become “the QVC of…” (a pretty clear endorsement of the relevance of our model), to, finally, a recognition that (i) QVC and HSN have been leading video commerce for years on virtually every platform where people consume video, and (ii) the unique combination of assets, capabilities, and expertise that we’ve assembled— over decades—is virtually impossible to replicate, let alone at the speed today’s unforgiving retail environment demands. Evolution of Our Company HSN was the original TV shopping channel, followed by QVC. The two brands defined live video commerce, while each leveraged its video expertise to expand into ecommerce, mobile, social, and streaming. Meanwhile, Zulily launched and grew its unique, personalized ecommerce platform, and the Cornerstone Brands—Ballard Designs, Garnet Hill, Grandin Road, and Frontgate—introduced and expanded their interactive aspirational lifestyle brands. We began to join forces in 2015, when we welcomed Zulily to the global QVC Group, adding an exciting digitally native retail platform with a large customer base centered on young moms. Two years later, we welcomed HSN, adding scale and expertise in video commerce, and the Cornerstone Brands, adding merchandising and digital savvy in home and apparel. Early in 2018, we relaunched as Qurate Retail, a select group of leading retail brands, combining the best of retail, media, and social to curate products, experiences, conversations, and communities for millions of highly discerning shoppers. We offered consumers a Third Way to Shop®, one that uniquely combined the energy, inspiration, storytelling, and relationship-building of the best neighborhood shopkeeper with the efficiency, ease, access, and personalization of the best ecommerce players. And we have continued to innovate together from there. Evolution of Video Commerce Amidst the pandemic, livestream shopping seemed to appear out of nowhere as an ideal solution for reaching stayat-home consumers. We see this much-talked-about trend as a fantastic endorsement of the video shopping business model we invented 40 years ago. Over the years, QVC and HSN expanded from two TV networks in the US to five, while investing in prominent channel positions, adding HD programming, and launching shop by remote. Outside of the US, QVC entered new markets and expanded to nine TV networks. We were the first broadcaster in Japan to offer programming in native, ultra-high definition 4K, and we added augmented reality in several markets. Our worldwide TV platform—and the huge audiences it continues to attract—will remain powerful business drivers, even as traditional cable TV subscriptions slowly decline. We also have a long history of digital innovation—starting in the mid-1990s when we launched our first website. We were an early adopter of mobile and quickly emerged as an industry leader; we were one of the first broadcasters to simulcast on Facebook Live soon after its launch; we began livestreaming over Roku back in 2013; and more recently, we’ve leaned into new social formats like IGTV, TikTok, and Facebook Live Shopping. We’ve taken advantage of these new platforms—and many others—to create storytelling formats that engage customers in new ways. In 2020, our teams created more than 20 original series on streaming and social platforms, including “Travel, Cook, Repeat with Curtis Stone,” featuring this Michelin-starred chef on the QVC/HSN streaming service and “Pretty Educated,” which taps our beauty vendor community on social. And we continue to add personalization to our experiences so viewers can find the content that’s relevant for them. At the same time, we have evolved our merchandising capabilities to stay at the forefront of product discovery in a world of increasing choice—attracting such prestigious brands as Jason Wu; expanding our proprietary design, development, and sourcing capabilities to create new brands like South Street Loft; partnering with social influencers 6 ANNUAL REPORT 2020 such as Hunter McGrady to create exclusive product lines; and launching entrepreneur brands such as Mented Cosmetics through our Big Find product search. Today, we are a video commerce ecosystem, centered on great products, interesting stories, and increasingly personalized experiences, and deployed over cutting-edge distribution platforms that attract millions of customers. Amidst our decades of evolution, one constant is the resiliency and loyalty of our multi-million-strong customer base. While other companies struggle with how to produce high-quality content at scale, how to attract audiences at reasonable cost, how to convert viewers to buyers, or how to distribute orders efficiently, we continue to move ahead. While I’m proud of all these achievements, I am most proud of how our team came together during a year of crisis and tragedy to make a difference. Our team rallied around our customers when they needed us the most, providing them a place of refuge, conversation, and inspiration. The response has been overwhelming, with record levels of new customers joining us across all our brands. Our team also supported each other and our communities. They donated their time and talents, and the reach of our platforms, to celebrate small businesses and raise desperately needed funds for food relief. They joined the fight for racial justice, challenging us to do more to create an inclusive and welcoming environment for all team members, customers, and partners. We are committed to using the power of our platforms to inspire a more sustainable way to retail: intentionally inclusive, entrepreneurially driven, responsibly curated, and waste-smart. We recently made public commitments across three broad arenas that support this aspiration: Protecting Our Environment, Championing Empowerment and Belonging, and Curating Product Responsibly. A Look Forward Our strong financial and customer results in 2020 reflect the intersection of opportunity and effort: opportunity created by this stay-at-home environment, and years of effort and investment to build the platforms and capabilities we enjoy today. This positions us well to extend our industry leadership for years to come. The pandemic has accelerated longstanding trends and created some new ones. Comfort with online shopping, use of video streaming services, and engagement on social platforms are at all-time highs, and these in turn are fueling a steady rise in livestream shopping. At the same time, the pandemic has brought about a renewed focus on creating a comfortable, productive, and inspiring home life, as work becomes more flexible and less office based. This added time at home is both fueling demand for home related merchandise and further increasing consumer engagement with live TV and digital video content. Trusted personalities and social influencers will continue to expand their roles in purchase decisions. And an ever-growing portion of consumers will demand that retailers and brands be everywhere they are, with relevant, engaging, video-rich experiences, seamlessly integrated across virtual and physical touchpoints. These massive shifts in consumer behavior perfectly align with the strengths of our business model and the strategic investments we have made. We bring four unique capabilities to this evolving digital and home-based lifestyle: Unmatched Digital Video Ecosystem No other retailer comes close to replicating the video platform we have built, with vast, efficient reach across major arenas: • Pay TV, with presence on nearly all major cable and satellite providers across seven countries; • Free Over-the-Air TV, with universal carriage in most of our countries; • Digital Livestreaming TV, on pay streaming services like YouTube TV and Hulu+ Live TV, free streaming services like Pluto TV, XUMO, and Comcast Flex, and smart TV streaming services including VIZIO SmartCast, Samsung TV Plus, and LG Channel Plus; • Interactive Streaming Shopping Services, featuring multiple QVC and HSN networks and extensive ondemand content, available on Roku, Amazon Fire TV, the LG Shop Time app, and others; • Social Streaming, with extensive presence on Facebook Live, YouTube, and Instagram, and a growing presence on TikTok; and • QVC and HSN websites and apps, which integrate extensive live feeds and on-demand videos throughout the shopping experience. Scale and Resources Retailing is a resource-intensive business, and we can operate efficiently at scale by leveraging: • Thousands of buyers around the world on the hunt for amazing curated discoveries; LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS (CONTINUED) ANNUAL REPORT 2020 7 • Extensive global design, development, and sourcing capabilities to translate great ideas into compelling merchandise; • Multiple state-of-the-art studios in five countries producing more live content than any other major broadcaster; • A fulfillment network across QVC and HSN that shipped approximately 240 million packages last year; • A treasure trove of customer data to inform our decisions; and • An extensive retail, media, and ecommerce technology platform. Unique Customer Experience That Creates Lasting Relationships We’ve spent 40 years refining the art and science of telling engaging stories through the medium of live video shopping, complemented today by extensive on-demand content, in ways that inform and inspire, drive impulse and urgency, build trust and lasting relationships, and bring viewers and visitors back to our platforms nearly every day to see what’s new or just to enjoy the conversation with trusted hosts and influencers. Large Base of Savvy, Engaged, and Highly Loyal Shoppers This unique experience in turn drives remarkable customer longevity and engagement, and we can promise any brand who comes on our platforms the opportunity to tell their story directly to the world’s most engaged shoppers. Our Best Customers at QVC US, representing approximately 70% of our sales, visit our websites 33 times per month and watch our TV programming 19 days per month, engage extensively on our social platforms, purchase 69 items annually, and retain at an astounding rate of 99%. These metrics have been remarkably stable—year after year. Qurate Retail is well positioned for this moment—a world leader in video commerce, ecommerce, mobile commerce, and social commerce, with a special combination of talent and assets, present everywhere our customers, prospects, and partners want us to be. As I consider the transition coming at the end of the year, I find myself filled with gratitude and confidence— gratitude for the opportunity to be a part of this incredible organization that is Qurate Retail, working alongside remarkable team members, vendor partners, and investors, with the strong support and encouragement of Greg and the Liberty team, who’ve championed our journey at every step; and confidence in the exciting outlook for our company as our team continues to drive the video-centric future of retail. Chairman Remarks I want to thank Mike for his excellent stewardship and partnership over these remarkable years. Under his leadership, the team has grown and evolved the business and defied all ‘bear cases’ that have come our way—the analog to digital shift, rise of mobile, proliferation of ecommerce, fears of cord cutting etc. While results over the last few years have been choppier as we navigated the changes Mike outlined, we appreciate our decades-long and continued trajectory of growth, industry leading margins and robust free cash generation. We are especially grateful to Mike and his team this past year for their brilliant leadership and execution in such challenging times. We look forward to updating you on his successor. Investors often ask how they should ‘comp’ Qurate Retail. We are in the fortunate and unfortunate position of having no direct comparison—attractively sitting at the intersection of multiple industries: retail, media and ecommerce. We’re a unique amalgam, and we benefit from the best attributes of all three. In 2020, we chose to think creatively about capital allocation after many years of candidly lackluster returns on our stock buybacks, mostly due to declines in the multiple. We distributed a new high-yielding preferred instrument to shareholders, returned excess cash through two special dividends, managed near-term debt maturities and reinstated our repurchases against a more levered common equity. As of the writing of this letter, the composite equity is up over 70% compared to its pre-distribution price in August 2020. We are getting increased attention from existing and new shareholders alike who can’t overlook the attractive free cash yield afforded to this unique business. We look forward to seeing many of you at this year’s annual Investor Day on November 18th. Whether in person or online, we hope you will join us. Thank you for the many ways you have supported our team in 2020 and over the years. Very truly yours,

Michael A. George 

President & Chief Executive Officer
