DEAR FELLOW STOCKHOLDERS:

As we consider the past year, three words consistently rise to the top: Determination, progress and resilience. We, and the entire Rite Aid Board of Directors, are immensely proud of the more than 50,000 associates that worked through pandemic-related challenges to keep their communities healthy and thriving. Our collective determination to help customers manage through the pandemic, while also transforming our organization, actually accelerated our work to be a demonstrably different company in just one year. Our associates have shown resilience in every aspect of our business, from pivoting daily on COVID-19 testing and vaccines to positioning new brands and merchandise, and keeping stores, distribution centers, mail order facilities and call centers open, all without missing a beat. This determination has been a differentiator for the organization. And so, in a year like no other, we have made significant progress in creating a whole new Rite Aid and setting the foundation for enhanced stockholder value. We are also pleased to report on our progress aligned with our purpose. We demonstrated that we can deliver on our core mission of keeping our communities healthy and thriving, and at the same time position ourselves for a successful future. Despite the challenges posed by COVID-19, our teams are clear on what needs to be done in Fiscal Year 2022: win today and in the future by creating real health care value, improving consumer engagement, and transforming our work to improve financial performance.

As we move into the second year of implementing our strategic plan, we are focused on:

Accelerating our RxEvolution plan: Our initiatives are focused on three primary areas: 1) Managing Elixir client costs via seamless member engagement and better health outcomes; 2) Unlocking the value of our pharmacists; and 3) Transforming our retail and digital experience. We begin Fiscal Year 2022 with a newly branded and integrated pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) poised to expand its large and growing addressable market, a new retail brand, enhanced store footprint and merchandise assortment, more than 6,400 pharmacists who are whole health advisors serving their communities, and an incredible and energized team. More than ever, we are able to deliver on growth opportunities in retail and pharmacy service segments. Defining Rite Aid as a health care company: The pandemic validates our conviction that pharmacists are indeed the last mile connectors between the health care system and consumers. Although many may think of Rite Aid as a retailer, we are at our core a health care company, serving more than a million customers every day through our more than 2,500 retail stores, our pharmacy services call center, our mail order and specialty pharmacies, and through clinical and analytical services powered by our subsidiary, Health Dialog. Our personal connection to our customers through our trusted pharmacists is an important part of the future of health care in America. We are committed to fundamentally changing our role in health care and becoming the industry leader in whole health. Becoming a more efficient operator: In Fiscal Year 2021, we extended all but $91 million of our calendar 2023 bond maturities to calendar 2025and 2026, and ended the year with $1.7 billion in liquidity, which gives us ample flexibility to execute our strategic initiatives. As we executed our strategic plan, we increased revenues in both the retail pharmacy and pharmacy services segment, and grew market share in both retail and pharmacy in a highly competitive environment. Additionally, the Company implemented LEAN initiatives both to reduce working capital tied to inventory and improve our retail pharmacists’ productivity. We also reduced back office costs  through consolidating administrative functions in our retail and pharmacy services lines of business into amore efficient structure. Enhancing our ESG practices: We continue to make progress in our ESG efforts, including fleet fuel reduction, decreased energy usage, and our continued progress in eliminating chemicals of concern. In addition, we performed an enterprise climate risk assessment, responded to CDP’s climate change questionnaire, and invested in our associates through numerous program enhancements to keep them engaged. We are proud of the racial, ethnic, and gender diversity of our Board of Directors (88% of whom are racially diverse or female) and our executive leadership team (50% of whom are racially diverse or female), and are expanding our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion efforts in Fiscal Year 2022. On behalf of the Board of Directors, we would like to invite you to attend our virtual 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, where we plan to share with you the progress we are making toward our vision and strategy for the Company. Instructions for joining the meeting are contained in the section of the Proxy Statement titled “Information About the Annual Meeting and Voting.” We look forward to continuing our work with the outstanding Rite Aid team to support the needs of our customers and drive growth, improved performance, and stockholder value. Thank you for your investment in Rite Aid. 



Sincerely,

HEYWARD DONIGAN

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
