To Our Stockholders 2020 Annual Report | 3 Fiscal 2020 was an extremely difficult and challenging year. Like so many other retailers and businesses, our operations and financial results reflect the negative impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Effects of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Our Fiscal 2020 Business In early 2020, to prioritize the safety and well-being of our customers and associates and help slow the spread of COVID-19, we temporarily closed all store locations, our distribution centers, and buying and corporate offices. We also instituted “work from home” capabilities for many of our associates. Given the uncertainty surrounding the duration and overall impact on consumer demand from the spread of this virus, we also took decisive actions to significantly increase our liquidity and strengthen our financial flexibility. These measures included drawing down on our $800 million revolving credit facility, issuing $2.0 billion in new senior notes, entering a new $500 million credit facility, suspending our stock repurchase and dividend programs, slowing new store growth, and aggressively cutting both ongoing expenses and capital expenditures. We have since repaid the $800 million under the revolving credit facility, terminated the undrawn $500 million credit facility, and refinanced a portion of the senior notes. In mid-May, based on local government and health mandates, we began a phased reopening process, and by the end of June, the vast majority of our stores and all of our distribution centers were operating again. In support of the health and safety of our associates, customers, and the communities we serve, our stores reopened with significantly enhanced COVID-related safety measures. These included additional cleaning and sanitation processes, changes in store layout, and signage to facilitate social distancing, and providing personal protective equipment for our associates. Once our stores reopened, we remained focused, once again, on providing the compelling bargains our customers have come to expect. Fiscal 2020 Financial Results Total sales for the 2020 fiscal year ended January 30, 2021 were $12.5 billion, down from $16.0 billion in fiscal 2019. Earnings per share were $0.24 on net income of $85 million, which includes a one-time, pre-tax charge of $240 million or $0.54 per share for the year from the refinancing of $775 million in senior notes during the third quarter. Including the debt refinancing costs, operating margin in 2020 was 1.5%, down significantly from 13.4% in the prior year. This decline was also driven by significant markdowns taken to clear aged inventory caused by the temporary store closures in the spring, combined with substantial COVID-related costs, and the deleveraging effect of lower sales on expenses throughout the business. Store Growth in 2020 Given the uncertainty on consumer demand and to preserve liquidity, we temporarily slowed our store growth in 2020 to 66 new stores, consisting of 50 Ross Dress for Less and 16 dd’s DISCOUNTS. This compares to our initial plans for 100 new locations. We ended the year with a total of 1,859 stores in 40 states, the District of Columbia, and Guam. Looking ahead, our long-term expansion goals remain unchanged. We are confident that we can ultimately grow to about 2,400 Ross Dress for Less and 600 dd’s DISCOUNTS locations. That said, we made decisions to take a more conservative approach to our 2021 openings, especially in the spring, during the peak of the pandemic last year. For the full year, we expect to add about 60 stores, consisting of approximately 40 Ross Dress for Less and 20 dd’s DISCOUNTS locations and expect to return to a more normal pace of openings next year. dd’s DISCOUNTS 2020 Performance Like Ross, dd’s DISCOUNTS’ business was also impacted by COVID-19 related issues, although to a lesser degree than at Ross given its smaller percentage of border and tourist locations, where sales were disproportionately affected by the pandemic. Increased Liquidity Provides Financial Flexibility The decisive actions we took early in the pandemic to enhance liquidity gave us the financial flexibility to manage through the health crisis. These actions, combined with improved cash flow following our store reopenings, resulted in year-end cash and cash equivalents of approximately $4.8 billion. Despite the adverse impacts on our sales and earnings resulting from the pandemic, we funded $405 million in critical capital projects during the year, including approximately $270 million for distribution, information technology, and corporate projects, and about $135 million to open new locations and update existing stores. Before suspending our stock repurchase and dividend programs in the first quarter of 2020, we had repurchased $132 million of common stock, or about 1.2 million shares, under the two-year $2.55 billion stock repurchase program announced in March 2019. We also had paid out $101 million in dividend payments. More recently, in early March 2021, we announced that our Board of Directors had approved the resumption of our quarterly dividend program by declaring a quarterly cash dividend of $0.285 per share payable on March 31, 2021 to stockholders of record as of March 16, 2021. The resumption of the dividend payout reflects our strong cash position and confidence in the Company’s long-term prospects. Social Responsibility at Ross Over the past 38 years, our associates have played an essential role in our ability to deliver great values to our customers. As a Company, we are committed to promoting an inclusive culture that values and celebrates the diversity of backgrounds, identities, and ideas of our almost 94,000 associates and those who shop with us. We also recognize that ensuring an inclusive work environment where all associates are treated with dignity and respect is key to their ability to grow, succeed, and contribute to the communities where they live and work. To support this, we launched employee resource groups as forums to help associates connect with one another and further our ongoing diversity, equality, and inclusion efforts. Despite the inability to hold in-person meetings and trainings in 2020, we maintained our commitment to associate development by providing digital learning and engagement opportunities. Other ongoing initiatives included delivering competitive wages and benefits in each of our geographic markets, offering virtual internships, as well as continuing education opportunities for hundreds of our associates and their dependents through the Stuart Moldaw Scholarship program. Lastly, we continued to support the communities where we operate through local hiring and expanded philanthropic efforts, including through our foundation that furthers our charitable mission of helping to create a brighter future for today’s youth. Investing in a Sustainable Future Improving the efficiency and sustainability of our operations, while minimizing our impact on the environment also remains a top priority. Our focus on identifying new opportunities to use less energy and fewer natural resources dates back more than 20 years, and we continue to make improvements on these initiatives. Last year we advanced our commitment to transparency by participating in the Carbon Disclosure Project Climate Change Questionnaire. We also published an Environmental Sustainability Report that announced our goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 30% per square foot by 2025 versus a 2017 baseline. We remain committed to take actions that drive environmental sustainability and invite our shareholders to learn more about our efforts on our website, www.rossstores.com, in the Corporate Social Responsibility section. Flexible and Resilient Business Model Key to Long-Term Growth Fiscal 2020 was an extremely difficult year. We believe that our flexible and resilient business model and the talented individuals throughout our organization enabled us to navigate through the unprecedented impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic. Over the long term, we believe both Ross and dd’s remain well-positioned to gain market share as consumers continue to favor retailers focused on delivering both value and convenience. This is especially true given the number of retail closures and bankruptcies over the past several years. We are confident that our unwavering focus on the successful execution of our core strategy of always delivering the best bargains possible will continue to be the key driver of our success. In closing, we would like to thank all our customers, associates, business partners, and investors for their continued support and hope for everyone’s continued health and safety. 

Sincerely,

Barbara Rentler 

Chief Executive Officer
