To our Shareholders:

 It was just over a year ago that the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic began to spread throughout the United States. It has been a long, painful year, and a great deal has transpired. No one could have known for certain that, over a year later, we would still face a pandemic with tens of thousands of new cases daily, and a U.S. death toll well in excess of 500,000 lives. For Southwest Airlines, we were not immune. We mourn those Southwest Family Members who died from the virus and are grateful they were few in number. Our remarkable string of 47 consecutive years of profits—a record unprecedented in the commercial airline industry and dating back to our first full year of operation in 1972—was broken in 2020 with a net loss of $3.1 billion. In plain terms, the pandemic led to a breathtaking plunge in travel, tourism, and hospitality sector revenues, leading to massive losses. In Southwest’s case, following solid year-over-year net income growth in January and February 2020, our operating revenues fell a staggering 92 percent in April 2020 compared with 2019 pre-pandemic levels. Since then, revenues recovered to roughly 35 percent of previous levels by September 2020, where they remained until early March 2021. Now that vaccines are available, vaccinations are on the rise in the United States; COVID-19 hospitalizations are down; and travel demand is finally trending positive. Operating revenues must, at least, double from current levels to achieve cash burn break even; but it appears the worst is behind us. After an extraordinarily difficult year, that is very welcome news for all. Despite the ravages of the pandemic, a great deal was accomplished in 2020 and over the past year. And, we are hopeful and optimistic we will emerge from this crisis strong and with abundant opportunities and competitive advantages. Those views are apparently shared by many, as our stock price, as of the date of this letter, has recovered to pre-pandemic levels, notwithstanding our current revenue and earnings deficits. Our top priority is always the safety and well-being of our People and our Customers. The financial health of our Company, which is vital in serving our People and Customers, is a close second. I’m pleased to report both priorities were addressed and in dramatic fashion. First, a number of health and safety protocols were swiftly enacted, many of which remain in place today. Working with physician-scientists with knowledge and expertise in infectious disease, we implemented multiple layers of protections, including enhanced aircraft and airport cleaning protocols; the installation of Plexiglas® shields at ticketing and gate counters; measures to support physical-distancing in airports; the requirement to wear masks or face coverings for Customers and Employees; and procedures to apply both an electrostatic disinfectant and an anti-microbial spray on every surface of the aircraft. Our airplanes were already equipped with sophisticated air circulation systems, which utilize HEPA filters that capture 99.97 percent of airborne particles1—similar to the technology found in hospitals. Second, given the dramatic decline in passengers and revenues, we took a number of steps to protect the financial health of the Company and boost cash reserves. We aggressively reduced our flying capacity, with available seat miles (ASMs, or capacity) declining 34.2 percent for all of 2020. We suspended dividends and share repurchases and cut capital spending. We offered our Employees voluntary separation and extended leave programs. And, we cut operating costs wherever possible. All told, we were able to cut $8 billion of planned spending in 2020. In the five years ended 2019, we raised capital of $1.6 billion, total. For the year 2020, we raised $18.9 billion, including $5.2 billion of re-financings. Importantly, we secured $3.4 billion in federal stimulus and loans through the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (CARES Act). While this cash is vital to funding the inevitable operating losses incurred due to and during this pandemic, our immediate objective is to minimize cash burn so we emerge from this pandemic in a solid financial position to begin the recovery and repair process. For the year 2020, we incurred a net loss of $3.1 billion, or $5.44 loss per diluted share. These results included after-tax impacts: $1.5 billion in federal payroll support; $980 million in charges from voluntary Employee programs; and various other special items, including a gain from aircraft sale-leaseback transactions. Excluding these special items2, we incurred a net loss of $3.5 billion, or $6.22 loss per diluted share. We ended 2020 with a record level of liquidity, or $14.3 billion, including $11.1 billion in cash, $2.3 billion in short-term investments, and a fully-available, unsecured, revolving credit line of $1.0 billion. Importantly, this exceeded our $10.3 billion in long-term debt at the end of 2020. As a true testament to our strength and our preparedness, we have maintained our investment grade credit ratings: Moody’s, Baa1; Standard & Poor’s, BBB; and Fitch, BBB+. We entered 2020 with the strongest balance sheet in Southwest history, with adjusted debt3-to-total invested capital of only 24 percent. Remarkably, we were able to absorb the 2020 blow and end the year with adjusted balance sheet leverage of 56 percent. Total operating revenues were $9.0 billion, a 59.7 percent decrease compared with 2019’s record $22.4 billion. The year-over-year plunge in passenger traffic accounts for this decline, with revenue passengers carried down 59.7 percent, also. ASMs were adjusted down 34.2 percent, year-over-year, given the collapse in demand. And, load factor fell 31.1 points from a healthy 83.5 percent in 2019, to 52.4 percent in 2020. With very weak demand, average fares and passenger revenue yields (per revenue passenger mile, or RPMs) fell 8.6 percent and 10.6 percent, respectively. Importantly, we did not eliminate any of the destinations we serve. Instead, we were able to add six destinations in 2020 and have, to-date, announced 13 more for 2021. We started 2020 serving 101 destinations, having just launched service to the Hawaiian Islands in 2019. We ended the year with 107 destinations, including 93 domestic, seven international, and seven temporarily suspended international markets due to COVID-19. I am very proud we were able to serve all our domestic communities. I am grateful we had available opportunities to add service and generate new Customers, trips, and revenues. Given a surplus of aircraft, Employees, and airport facilities, these proved to be positive cash flow alternatives to otherwise idle assets and personnel. Demand for commercial air travel generally falls into two broad categories: business and consumer (or leisure). Typically, roughly 35 percent of our Passengers travel for business, while the majority, or 65 percent, are traveling for personal reasons. The current airline business depression is unique, in that it is driven more by pandemic-related health concerns rather than by economic or recessionary reasons. In past recessions, while leisure travel demand was reasonably sustained, business travel demand dropped sharply and was indifferent to fare incentives to stimulate marginal travel. Historically, it has taken roughly five years, on average, for business travel to recover to pre-recession levels. In 2020, with passenger counts down 60 percent, business travel, predictably, dropped more—closer to 90 percent. It may take many years for business travel to recover to pre-pandemic levels, especially considering the swift, forced move to remote office work enabled by online collaboration tools and video/audio conferencing technologies. Regardless of the rate of a rebound in business travel, we are better prepared with last year’s launch of global distribution system (GDS) access through Amadeus and Travelport, and the planned launch with Sabre later this year. Our GDS channel strategy complements existing Southwest Business options with the goal of expanding service to corporate travelers through their preferred booking channel, which we didn’t have access to prior to this initiative. We believe we are well-positioned for success. First, we have a low-fare brand that is beloved by consumers. We do not charge hidden fees, including no charge for the first and second checked bags and no change fees4. We have a very generous frequent flyer program that handsomely rewards travel on Southwest, as well as spending using the Southwestbranded Chase® Visa credit card. Awards are redeemable for every open seat on every Southwest flight. Our efficient, reliable, low-cost business model supports this low-fare brand. Our business model is famous for such attributes as point-to-point scheduling; a focus on nonstop itineraries; a single aircraft type that simplifies staffing, training, scheduling, operations, and maintenance and repairs; single class service; open seating; and direct distribution. Second, we have a strong presence across top markets, serving America’s largest cities, including an expanding array of attractive leisure destinations including Florida, Colorado, California, and Hawaii, to name only a few. In the last decade, we have added 14 attractive, near-international destinations in Mexico, the Caribbean, and Central America. Since the pandemic began, our fleet of more than 700 aircraft became vastly underutilized. We began searching for new pools of Customers by introducing service to new leisure destinations and seized opportunities to announce or open 17 new airports since March 1, 2020. All told, these exciting new destinations will put roughly 40 idle aircraft and over 500 Employees to work. We are well-prepared for a larger, more permanent mix of leisure travel, along with a predominantly domestic route network. Third, our People run a great operation and offer outstanding hospitality. I’ll summarize by saying our superb ontime performance5 was 86 percent in 2020, with Company-record baggage handling accuracy, and an industry-best Customer Satisfaction Ranking6 with the U.S. Department of Transportation—for the 27th time in the last 30 years. Our Customers remain huge fans, giving us a 2020 Net Promoter Score of 77. I am very grateful for our Customers and their loyal support. I am enormously indebted to our People who make this happen every day, thousands of times. They are magnificent. Put these three themes together—it is a powerhouse combination made for the moment: low fares, best schedule, and best service. I believe we are perfectly situated with a superior business model and for a leisure-led, low-fare environment. Add to that, we have the U.S. airline industry’s strongest balance sheet, and our competitive lead, in this regard, has widened over the last year. All of this will be important, as we expect the next several years will be brutally competitive as the industry presses forward beyond survival on a long road of recovery and repair. Additionally, we have a longstanding history of being a responsible global citizen and doing the right thing for our People, Performance, and Planet. Our commitments did not waiver during the events of 2020. I am proud of how our Employees rose to the challenge in support of our Customers, communities, and each other. We are excited to strengthen our work in two key focus areas including diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI), and environmental sustainability. Regarding our DEI work, this past year has shone a spotlight on many important issues surrounding racial injustice, discrimination, and a need in our world for what Southwest has always been known for—love. We have long been committed to diversity and inclusion and our journey began well before last summer’s increased national focus on racial injustice. While our diversity imperatives across the years laid a good foundation, 2020 helped us recognize we must commit to closely focusing in areas like diversity in our Senior Leadership and supplier diversity. We continue to look for opportunities to better reflect in our organization the diverse demographics of the communities we serve. Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Department is partnering with departments across the Company to make these commitments a reality, in addition to their ongoing work to foster an inclusive work environment for our People. Our citizenship efforts also took an intentional focus on how we engage and interact with the Planet. For years, we have evaluated and executed ways we can improve environmental stewardship across our airline because we recognize we have a responsibility to the environment. Early last year, we launched a concentrated effort to find new ways to reduce our environmental footprint. This includes our intention to introduce sustainable aviation fuel into our supply chain, engage in carbon offsetting efforts where it makes sense, and improve our recycling efforts inflight and on the ground. We are working to establish strategic plans aimed at achieving carbon neutrality by 2050. While we are proud of our past citizenship accomplishments, we are ready to do more and know exciting things are ahead as these plans move forward. We have many other accomplishments and priorities. We were able to preserve our unprecedented 50-year history of providing job security to Employees. After almost two years out of revenue service, the Boeing 737 MAX aircraft is, again, flying for Southwest. We expect to take delivery of 28 MAX 8 aircraft this year, and plan to end 2021 with 69 MAX 8 aircraft and 729 total aircraft. We reached agreement with The Boeing Company (Boeing) to extend our order book through 2031, and selected the MAX 7 aircraft as the successor to the 737-700 model—reaching agreement on 100 firm orders for MAX 7 aircraft. This agreement with Boeing underscores our commitment to the continued modernization of the fleet with more fuel-efficient and climate-friendly aircraft, and it also positions Southwest to capitalize on growth opportunities, when they arise. We are expanding the number of airports served and pursuing new revenue streams. We are running a stellar operation. We remain steadfast in managing costs and cash spending, and we are focused on maintaining significant liquidity— a minimum of $10 billion at least until profits have stabilized. Our primary financial goals for 2021 are to preserve the strength of our balance sheet and investment-grade credit ratings; arrest cash operating losses; and achieve and sustain break even, or better, cash flow and earnings as travel demand recovers. We celebrate our 50th year of service in 2021, reflecting on our track record as the most successful airline in aviation history. We believe we are through the worst of the pandemic. We have renewed hope and optimism about the future of Southwest Airlines, and our People are ready. 

Sincerely,

Gary C. Kelly 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
