To Our Stakeholders As the world’s largest tool company, Stanley Black & Decker has been built to serve the makers and creators, those doing the hard work, day in and day out, to create a better world around us. We are For Those Who Make The World—and we strive every day to fulfill this purpose.

Our purpose-driven culture and commitment to stakeholder capitalism has never played a more foundational role as the global pandemic’s effects reverberated across the globe. Stanley Black & Decker customers and employees joined the essential workforce that helped keep the world moving forward. We focused on doing everything we could to keep our workers safe and supply chains moving, boosting production to address unprecedented product demand and helping our communities recover. At the same time, our focus on performance and innovation and our commitment to creating long-term shareholder value was unwavering. Amidst a dynamic operating environment, the Stanley Black & Decker team delivered a record-breaking performance in 2021—including all-time high revenue, organic growth and adjusted earnings per share.* I want to once again personally thank our 60,000-plus diverse and high performing employees for their continued commitment to our organization. I am truly grateful for the personal investment they make every day to ensure our success going forward. Creating a Stronger and More Focused Enterprise During 2021, we successfully announced several strategic actions to strengthen and focus our business portfolio into a faster growing, more profitable franchise. We completed two significant outdoor power equipment acquisitions that added $3 billion of annualized revenue and announced the divestiture of our Electronic Security business for a premium valuation of 16 times EBITDA. In addition to the benefit of focus, these portfolio moves position us to return $4 billion of capital to our shareholders through share repurchases that we expect to complete in 2022. We also raised our dividend by 13% in July, our 54th consecutive increase, which extends our record for the longest, consecutive quarterly and annual dividend payments among industrial companies. Key 2021 Accomplishments • Record revenue, organic growth and adjusted earnings per share* • Focused our portfolio with the sale of our Electronic Security business and the acquisitions of MTD and Excel to create the world’s largest outdoor power equipment business • Earned 60+ innovation awards in 2021, with 35% of 2021 tools revenue derived from new products launched within the prior three years • Award-Winning Recognition: • Dow Jones Sustainability Indices’ World Index for 4th consecutive year • 100 Best Corporate Citizens for outstanding ESG Performance (3BL Media) • Fortune’s World’s Most Admired, #1 in Category • Perfect score of 100 on the Corporate Equality Index • Forbes 2021 World’s Best Employers, America’s Best Large Employers and America’s Best Employers for Women • Fast Company’s Best Workplaces for Innovators A Strong 2021 Performance from the World’s Largest Tool Company In 2021, we capitalized on extraordinarily strong customer demand fueled by macro trends, including the reconnection with home and garden, eCommerce and electrification. With our innovative products and portfolio of leading brands, we are uniquely positioned to leverage these secular tailwinds. Full-year revenue totaled $15.6 billion, a 20% increase from the prior year, including 17% organic growth with all our businesses contributing. Our full-year operating margin rate was 13.9%*, and we delivered record diluted EPS* of $10.48, up 30% over the prior year. We navigated a dynamic market and operating backdrop and prioritized serving the strong demand. We actively addressed this environment by adding capacity and new suppliers, and implementing price increases to support our margins. Accordingly, free cash flow was temporarily muted as we strategically prioritized building the inventory required to serve our customers and help navigate the stretched global supply chain, as well as support the strong demand we see for 2022. Tools & Storage achieved 20% organic growth, in 2021, as the business served a persistently strong tool market driven by a consumer refocused on their home and garden, eCommerce and strong professional demand. These trends were evident across all global markets, including North America (+16%), Europe (+27%) and emerging markets (+40%). Innovation also fueled our success in 2021 as a steady stream of new products were brought to market across all our brands and categories, with over 2,000 new introductions. The Industrial business grew 3% organically in the face of mixed end-markets. The industrial fastener and attachment tool businesses delivered mid-teens growth, offsetting COVID-driven sector headwinds in the automotive and aerospace sectors. Building the Supply Chain of the Future The Stanley Black & Decker Operating Model (SBD Operating Model) also supports our growing manufacturing base and supply chain. As the world’s largest tool company and the only major power tool manufacturer domiciled in the U.S., we expanded to 50 manufacturing facilities across America as well as more than 100 facilities worldwide to serve our local customers abroad. To support this manufacturing ecosystem, we are taking the opportunity to reimagine our supply chain for the future to be more efficient and to better serve our customers. This includes capacity expansion, strategic sourcing, factory automation and AI, and supporting U.S. manufacturing here at home. We took multiple, targeted actions in 2021 to navigate the global supply chain and position our business for the necessary capacity, sourcing, operational efficiency and resilience to best serve our customers. Key investments included adding capacity consistent with our “Make Where We Sell” strategy, co-investing with strategic sourcing partners with a focus on batteries and semiconductors, and investing in automation to support productivity, labor efficiency and competitive cost. Our capacity additions are on track and, in 2021, we opened two new power tool plants and one new hand tool facility in North America. These new manufacturing plants will enable shorter lead times and be accompanied by parallel regional development of our supply chain base over time, enhancing local sourcing and speed to market. As it relates to strategic sourcing, we have added new battery and semiconductor suppliers and made co-investments with key partners that put us in a strong position as we enter 2022. We have the necessary battery supply and capacity to support significant growth in Tools and to support our electrification strategy in Outdoor. Semiconductor shortages have been a pain point for many global industrial companies, including us. Accordingly, we have been investing to improve supply to enable significant Tools growth, adding new secondary and tertiary suppliers for chips, co-investing with tier one suppliers to improve their capacity, and taking actions to lower lead times across our supply base. We are also advancing our state-of-the-art Industry 4.0 capabilities, driving automation throughout our manufacturing environment. This will make our U.S. manufacturing plants more competitive, as well as improve productivity in factories across the globe. Attractive Growth Backdrop While strengthening our supply chain we are also investing to keep our market and brand vitality fresh across key growth catalysts, including innovation, eCommerce, and electrification that will position us for sustained share gains into the future. Across the board, we have competitive strategic differentiators that make us the world’s leading tool company. Our iconic brands, DeWALT, CRAFTSMAN, STANLEY, STANLEY FATMAX and BLACK+DECKER, and our category depth, channel development and operations excellence are coupled with a track record and commitment to market-leading innovation. Our new DeWALT POWERSTACK battery system breakthrough innovation, launched in December, is enjoying an excellent market reception and Popular Science called it “the best cordless power tool battery we’ve ever used.” With our sharpened focus and increased innovation investments, our product development plans are robust as we look to nearly double the number of professional products we offer over the next three years. The step change to eCommerce has continued and, in 2021, we delivered 30% organic growth, and it now represents a $2.5 billion channel for us globally and is approaching 20% of our Tools business. There are many growth and revenue synergy opportunities in Outdoor, especially in areas such as global channel development and brand. We have a compelling opportunity to expand in the professional customer segment, including with outdoor products under the DeWALT brand, and through access to more than 2,500 independent equipment dealer outlets across the U.S. that carry leading edge, higher margin products. The increased societal focus on ESG and climate presents an attractive multiyear opportunity for electrified outdoor power equipment. Our existing business grew almost 40% in 2021, as we continued to drive the conversion of handheld units and push mowers to cordless electric. With the addition of MTD and Excel in late 2021, our $4 billion outdoor power business unit will lead and accelerate the conversion of larger equipment such as riders and zero turns to electric and autonomous. We also have the ability to capitalize on the electrification of automotive through our Engineered Fastening business. The move from internal combustion to plug-in hybrid and EV platforms ultimately results in a 3-to-6x increase in Stanley Black & Decker’s dollar content per vehicle produced compared to a standard internal combustion engine vehicle. As EV adoption rates are accelerating globally, we are investing to capture this significant opportunity. Entering 2022 with Robust Demand In recent years, the consumer mindset and behavior patterns regarding home and garden have shifted as more time is spent in these environments. We see continued strength in the importance of home base, with hybrid environments serving multiple purposes, including as a sanctuary, as a locus for increased indoor/outdoor activities and as a workspace. These behavioral shifts are driving robust project activity for both professional contractors and DIYers, not only in the U.S. but globally as well. Low levels of existing housing inventory will continue to be a catalyst for new residential construction. Leading indicators for non-residential construction, such as ABI and Dodge, rebounded during much of 2021 and have remained positive as construction activity has continued to recover. Industrial production is returning to pre-pandemic levels as manufacturers look to replenish their supply chains. The growth momentum that we built in 2021 in our industrial fastener and attachment tools business is expected to continue in 2022, and we expect additional benefit from the $1.2 trillion U.S. infrastructure bill signed last year. Our Commitment to DEI Leadership Diverse workplaces are critical to advancing innovation, solving problems and developing solutions to the wide range of challenges we face in this complex, ever-changing world. Stanley Black & Decker is committed to building an inclusive culture where employees feel valued and heard, and are positioned to succeed. Early in 2021, we created a Chief Diversity Officer position reporting to me and responsible for accelerating our DEI progress and strengthening our accountability. Today, the Company has 12,000 employees engaged in nine employee resource groups across the globe formed around various dimensions of diversity, where my team and I also serve as executive sponsors. These groups fuel our pipeline of leadership talent and also serve as agents of change in our communities, helping to advance our ESG initiatives. We are committed to achieving 50-50 gender parity in our leadership by 2030. Today, approximately 33% of our global workforce are women, and about 34% of our U.S. workforce are racially or ethnically diverse. My direct staff and our Board of Directors are also comprised of approximately onethird women leaders and have racially or ethnically diverse representation. Stanley Black & Decker participates in the Business Roundtable Diversity & Inclusion Index, where many of the largest U.S.-based employers are committed to building more inclusive environments. And we are proud to be a signatory of Paradigm for Parity, committing to addressing the gender gap in corporate leadership. Our Commitment to ESG Leadership At Stanley Black & Decker, we have a comprehensive approach to ESG—rooted in our purpose and grounded in stakeholder capitalism. The need for sustainable business practices has never been more critical, ushering in a new age of ESG for corporate America where corporations need to step up on societal issues to keep the world moving forward. It’s the most significant generational movement that I have encountered in four decades in business. Nowhere is this more pressing than addressing one of the world’s biggest challenges of reducing carbon emissions to tackle climate change. To accelerate our roadmap to achieve Net Zero, we are on a path to eliminate our Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2030. Our goal is 35% reduction in Scope 3 emissions in the same timeframe. A key factor for this reduction is driving our suppliers to follow our lead and set sciencebased emission reduction targets to reduce their Scope 1 and Scope 2 carbon emissions. We also have a business opportunity related to ESG as we apply circular design and lower the environmental impact of our packaging and support electrification in outdoor products and automotive. I believe business has an opportunity, and an obligation in order to sustain their own future existence, to act now. More detail on our ESG strategy and actions will be available in our 2021 ESG report that will launch in April. Stanley Black & Decker’s Future Has Never Been Brighter With a focused strategy, robust secular growth drivers and a strong ESG commitment, I am truly optimistic about the multiyear runway for expansion we see for 2022 and beyond. I want to thank you for your investment, as well as the confidence you have placed in our company and our team. 

Sincerely

James M. Loree 

Chief Executive Officer
