To Our Stakeholders, As I reflect on the past year and look ahead to our future ... this is an exciting time for Tractor Supply. While we have been in business since 1938, we are still very early on our journey to serving Life Out Here. We are committed to building on the momentum in our business and capturing the tremendous growth opportunities that we see ahead of us. As we operated through the early days of the pandemic in 2020, we set our sights on ensuring that our business would emerge stronger than before. Today, our business has never been stronger. As a purpose-driven organization, we live our Mission: “work hard, have fun and make money by providing legendary service and great products at everyday low prices.” Our Mission is supported by a well-developed set of values. Our Mission and Values have guided us over the course of the pandemic, and our team has worked diligently with grit and determination to overcome today’s challenging operating environment. Summary of Fiscal 2021 Results Despite another year of uncertainty, we remained agile and steadfast in our commitment to be there for each other and our customers as an essential, needs-based retailer for the Out Here lifestyle. Some of the highlights that made 2021 another great year for our company include the following: • For the year, we achieved record sales and operating performance, on top of our record performance in 2020. We had strong net sales gains of 19.9% with comparable store sales up 16.9%, when compared to fiscal 2020. We reached over $12.7 billion in net sales for the year, a significant milestone for our company, with the addition of over $2 billion in sales. We also reached record sales per square foot, earnings per share and cash flow from operations. • We returned $1.04 billion in capital to shareholders through the combination of share repurchases and a growing dividend. • Over the last two years, our omni-channel sales have increased 80% and complement our store footprint. In 2021, our digital business reached nearly $1 billion in sales through increasing visitors and conversion, bringing our mobile app downloads to more than 2 million. • In 2021, more customers shopped with us than ever before, spent more money per trip and increased their trips to Tractor Supply. We continue to gain market share. • Our Neighbor’s Club loyalty program was relaunched from an affinity program to a tiered rewards program. To date, we have enrolled nearly 24 million members in our Neighbor’s Club program. We maintain robust retention rates and engagement, especially with our highest value tier members. • We are committed to making Tractor Supply a household name. Our research indicates that Tractor Supply has become more top of mind with consumers as our unaided brand awareness increased 21 points over the last two years. • We invested in our strategic initiatives and finished the year with over 300 Fusion remodels and over 160 Side Lot additions completed. This investment in our stores is transforming our customers’ shopping experience. • We opened 80 new Tractor Supply stores, including celebrating our 2,000th store in White House, Tennessee. We are expanding our distribution center network to support our growth with the build-out of three new locations over the next five years. The first of these three locations will be in Navarre, Ohio, and is expected to be operational by the fall of 2022 and is being built to LEED® (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) Gold Certification standards to be energy efficient and reduce our contribution to climate change. • We continued to invest in our Team Members, increasing starting wage rates and merit increases, and expanding benefits to be more competitive and inclusive. • Our longstanding commitment to ESG was reinforced with new goals to further reduce our carbon emissions and continue progress on Diversity, Equity and Inclusion. By 2025, we plan to reduce our absolute greenhouse gas emissions by 20% from what they were in 2020. By 2030, we plan to reduce those emissions by 50%. By 2040, we are committed to achieve net zero emissions across all our operations. To further our DE&I commitment, we announced five-year goals to support and advance underrepresented groups across our workforce, vendors, suppliers, and communities. • We also gave back to the communities we call home. In 2021, we donated over $14 million to community organizations through direct giving, sponsorships, fundraisers and more. This includes incremental funding to support the Tractor Supply Company Foundation to help support vibrant rural communities. Our resilient and differentiated business model has allowed us to adapt to the challenges of the pandemic and the ripple effects of other impacts like the tight labor market, unprecedented inflation and supply chain challenges impacting the industry, while capitalizing on the structural trends benefiting our business. Whether it is rural revitalization, trip consolidation, a move towards a more self-reliant lifestyle, adoption of homesteading or pet ownership, we believe these are structural and durable trends that will continue to benefit our business for years to come. Life Out Here Strategy We have strong momentum in our business. Our multiyear Life Out Here Strategy, introduced in 2020, is gaining traction as we are broadening our customer reach and increasing our market share. We operate in a vibrant and growing total addressable market that we now estimate is $180 billion, an increase of $70 billion from 2019, through a combination of market growth and new categories that are relevant to the Out Here lifestyle. 1. Deliver Legendary Customer Service Expand and deepen our customer base by providing personal, localized and memorable customer engagements. 2. Advance our ONETractor Capabilities Evolve our anytime, anywhere, any way customer experiences by digitizing our business processes and furthering our omni-channel capabilities. 3. Operate the Tractor Way Drive operational excellence and productivity through continuous improvement, increasing space utilization and implementing advanced supply chain capabilities. 4. Go the Country Mile for our Team Connect, empower and grow our Team Members to enhance their lives and the communities they live in, enabling them to provide legendary service to our customers. 5. Generate Healthy Shareholder Return Allocate resources in a disciplined and efficient manner to drive profitable growth and build shareholder value. The combination of the strong cash generation of Tractor Supply’s business and our Board’s confidence in our outlook positions us to return capital to shareholders. In January 2022, our Board of Directors approved a 77% increase in our quarterly dividend, marking our thirteenth consecutive dividend increase and an expanded share repurchase authorization of $2 billion. We believe we are well positioned to continue to drive profitable growth and enhance value for the long term. In closing, my gratitude goes out to all our stakeholders – our customers, our vendors, supply chain partners, the communities we call home, our shareholders and most of all to the more than 46,000 Team Members that make Tractor Supply the special place it is. We believe our greatest competitive advantage is our team. Thank you to the team as they live our Mission and Values every day. Thank you for your support and the trust you have placed in Tractor Supply.

Hal Lawton 

President and CEO
