Dear Fellow Shareholder, As we all know, 2020 was a year unlike any other but the Ulta Beauty team navigated through the disruption with agility and strength. Net sales for the year were $6.2 billion, total company comparable sales decreased 17.9%, and diluted earnings per share totaled $3.11. Despite the broad challenges, Ulta Beauty gained share in the U.S. prestige beauty market, specifically in key categories such as makeup, skincare and fragrance. Looking back on the year, it’s clear that the COVID-19 pandemic had far-reaching implications on all facets of our business. Still, I am incredibly proud of how our team kept the safety of our associates and guests at the center of every decision we made. As the COVID-19 crisis escalated, we made the decision to temporarily close all of our stores on March 19. Reflecting heightened guest focus on safety and social distancing, our digital and store teams moved quickly to support our digital business and on April 19, we launched a new touchless curbside pickup option for our guests. Following guidance from state and local health officials, we started a phased store reopening process on May 11, and by July 20, the full fleet of Ulta Beauty stores was operational. As we reopened stores for retail, we implemented new Shop Safe Standards to help guests feel confident and comfortable shopping in our stores. While store traffic was challenged and capacity was limited throughout most of 2020, we are incredibly pleased with guest engagement in our e-commerce operations. As a result of the strong utilization of buy online, pick up in store (BOPIS), curbside and ship-to-home offerings, our digital business doubled in 2020. In response to the pandemic and evolving operating environment, we introduced six strategic priorities to accelerate efforts to expand our market share gains and extend our competitive advantages. I’m pleased to report that we made great progress in each area. Transform our business to win in an omnichannel world We believe that the successful retailers of the future will bring together the physical, digital and emotional components of the shopping experience. There is an increased blurring of lines between channels, as shoppers buy online and pick up in store and buy online in store for delivery to their home. To continue to evolve with guest behavior, we are investing in omnichannel capabilities to build a seamless guest experience, enabling us to interact and engage with guests in whatever channel they choose. The in-store experience remains core to the Ulta Beauty value proposition because it continues to be the preferred channel for beauty enthusiasts to engage in trial and discovery. After temporarily suspending our new store opening program in response to COVID-19, we resumed new store openings in early August and opened 30 new stores during 2020. We plan to open 40 net new stores in 2021 and are confident that we can ultimately operate between 1,500 to 1,700 Ulta Beauty stores in the U.S. During 2020, we quickly shifted our focus to support the increased demand in our e-commerce channel. We expanded our e-commerce fulfillment capabilities, which included pulling forward the opening of our Jacksonville fast fulfillment center, expanding e-commerce operations in existing distribution centers, and expanding our ship-from-store program to 115 stores. We were also very pleased to see that a large number of previously in-store-only members engaged with us online for the first time. At the end of fiscal 2020, our mix of omnichannel members nearly doubled to 23% of members. We also announced an exciting partnership with Target Corporation. In the fall of 2021, we will introduce Ulta Beauty at Target, a shop-in-shop experience online and in about 100 Target locations, with plans to scale to hundreds more over time. As another pillar in our omnichannel strategy, we are excited to engage new guests through this new distribution point and drive even greater member loyalty and engagement in the Ulta Beauty brand. Reimagine guest experience and discovery Based on our consumer insights research, we know that beauty enthusiasts love to physically discover and try beauty products, but we also know concerns about personal safety due to COVID-19 required the experience to change. Given an increased focus on health and safety, we restricted the use of testers in our stores, but we kept most testers on the sales floor to help guests visualize color, texture and packaging. We leaned into our digital tools and accelerated our virtual try-on capabilities to support the shopping experience. Starting with GLAMLab, our augmented reality tool within the Ulta Beauty app and on ulta.com, we expanded the number of SKUs available to test, launched virtual try-on for hair, lash and brow, and introduced new QR codes on select shelf strips in store that take guests directly into the GLAMLab experience, making it even easier for guests to virtually try on products in store. As a result, engagement in GLAMLab increased seven times during 2020, with about 100 million shades tried on virtually across our major categories. We also introduced a skin analysis tool, which uses augmented reality technology and artificial intelligence to assess skincare needs and offer personalized product recommendations. Drive winning category strategies At the core of Ulta Beauty’s differentiation strategy is a unique and diverse beauty assortment across all major categories and price points. With more than 25,000 SKUs from more than 600 brand partners, the depth and breadth of our assortment is unrivaled, providing guests the ability to curate their assortment based on their preference. Reflecting the impact from COVID-19 on broader self-care and wellness trends, we leaned into categories like skincare, haircare, fragrance and bath. Our merchandising team also continued to drive newness to excite guests, launching new brands during 2020 in every major category, including brands like KVD Vegan Beauty, Hourglass, L’Occitane, Josie Maran, Urban Hydration, Beekman 1802, Briogeo, Melanin, and Kreyol Essence. We launched Conscious Beauty at Ulta Beauty™, an initiative intended to help guide guests to brands and products that reflect their personal values. Through this initiative, we certify brands across four key pillars: clean ingredients, cruelty-free, vegan, and sustainable packaging. We also highlight brands whose philanthropic efforts are critical to their DNA through the positive impact pillar. By the end of 2020, more than 230 brands were certified in the Conscious Beauty program, with more than 150 brands certified in more than one pillar. In conjunction with this launch, we established sustainable packaging goals with a pledge to ensure 50% of all packaging sold will be made from recycled or bio-sourced materials or will be recyclable or refillable by 2025. The makeup category was challenged in 2020 given shifts in consumer behavior related to COVID-19 and delays in planned newness and innovation. However, I am confident that cosmetics will return to growth given the strong emotional connection consumers have with the category, particularly as a form of self-expression, and as the return of social occasions drives more makeup consumption. Drive next level loyalty and personalization One of Ulta Beauty’s strongest assets is our world-class loyalty program, which accounted for more than 94% of our sales in fiscal 2020 and allows us to drive targeted communications to our members. Given that most of our members shop in-store only, coupled with the challenges of in-store traffic related to COVID-19, we expected that membership levels would decline in 2020, particularly among our less tenured members. Still, we ended the year with 30.7 million members, deployed targeted, successful strategies to reactivate lapsed members, and maintained strong engagement with our Platinum and Diamond members. We also progressed on our journey of deepening Ulta Beauty brand love. Under The Possibilities are Beautiful brand platform, we introduced new creative entitled See Beautiful Today to encourage people to embrace the beauty around them in everyday moments and shine a light on the human moments of self-care, togetherness and joy happening all around us. We further built upon that work with the Where Dreams Begin and See the Joy campaigns and later debuted our MUSE campaign, a program that celebrates, elevates and empowers the Black beauty community to help drive access and equity in the beauty industry. Drive holistic cost optimization and capability building We recognize that the COVID-19 pandemic requires us to evolve our thinking about how we operate our business. During 2020, we took several steps to re-shape our organization and be more efficient and effective with serving our guests. We continued to execute on our multi-year Efficiencies For Growth (EFG) cost optimization program, making great progress in areas across merchandising, real estate and supply chain. We permanently closed 19 stores to strengthen our overall portfolio and suspended our planned expansion into Canada to prioritize our focus on the U.S. growth opportunity. We delivered profitability improvements through promotional effectiveness, reducing the frequency of certain promotions and refining our promotional strategies to be more strategic, all while leveraging our customer relationship management (CRM) capabilities to be more targeted with offers. We also took steps to reset our cost structure. We realigned our store management structure to create a more cost-efficient store model. We eliminated certain roles in our corporate and field management organization, while introducing a number of new positions in key investment areas. While many of these decisions were difficult, I believe these actions will position Ulta Beauty for continued short and long-term success. Develop our talent and strengthen our culture At Ulta Beauty, we pride ourselves on maintaining a winning culture that is guest-centric, values-based, and high performance. It starts with taking care of our associates and retaining talent who passionately serve our guests and are committed to making Ulta Beauty the most loved beauty destination. To help support our associates through the COVID-19 crisis, we expanded the criteria for our Associate Relief Program to include those who needed assistance due to a personal hardship. We also continued to make a positive difference in the communities where we live and work, contributing more than $5.5 million through our partnerships with the Breast Cancer Research Foundation, Save the Children® and Dress for Success®. Given the events that unfolded throughout 2020, addressing racial and social injustice has become more important than ever. Diversity and inclusion (D&I) are at the heart of what Ulta Beauty stands for. At the end of fiscal 2020, 91% of our associates were women and 46% of our associates were people of color. Of our leadership team, 64% was female and 18% were people of color. During 2020, we proudly unveiled our D&I commitments with a focus on brand amplification and support, assortment growth, and equitable, welcoming guest and associate experiences. The commitments reflect a planned investment of more than $25 million in fiscal 2021 to support multi-cultural platforms and awareness of black-owned brands. We published our first ESG report, sharing our efforts and commitments in four key pillars: People, Product, Community and the Environment. While we are early in our journey, I am proud of the progress we have made in these areas, particularly as it relates to diversity and inclusion. You can find our report on our investor relations website: http://ir.ultabeauty.com/Corporate-Responsibility As previously announced, after almost eight years with the company, I will transition to a new role as Executive Chair of our Board of Directors. I am extremely confident about the future of Ulta Beauty and I believe the time is right for me and for our company to make this change. I am especially thrilled to announce that Dave Kimbell, President, will become Ulta Beauty’s next Chief Executive Officer. Dave’s passion for Ulta Beauty is truly unmatched, and I believe there is no one more prepared or better suited to unlock even more beautiful possibilities for our guests and our associates. In addition, Kecia Steelman will be elevated to the role of Chief Operating Officer, overseeing store and services operations, supply chain, Ulta Beauty at Target, and other key initiatives. Dave and Kecia will lead alongside our world-class executive team to drive the next phase of growth for Ulta Beauty. In closing, I cannot begin to express how much serving as the CEO of Ulta Beauty has been the highlight of my career. I want to extend my sincere appreciation to all of our Ulta Beauty associates and our Board of Directors for their commitment and passion for their work. Sincerely,

Mary N. Dillon

Chief Executive Officer
