Dear Stockholder: 

At the start of 2020, our United team was focused on leveraging the momentum we generated in 2019 by growing at our mid-continent hubs, significantly improving the customer experience and putting ourselves on a path towards becoming the best airline in the world. Then the COVID-19 virus emerged and ultimately presented the most disruptive financial crisis in the history of commercial aviation. By April 2020, the world essentially shut down, and our revenues plummeted 99%. Since the beginning of the crisis, the hallmarks of United’s response have been to maintain an objective and realistic assessment of the virus’s impact on our industry—and to plan accordingly. Hope was never our strategy. Instead, the best collection of airline professionals in the business confronted the crisis headon and focused on three pillars that were critical to our ability to survive the crisis: 1) raise and maintain liquidity, 2) reduce cash burn and 3) variabilize our cost structure. Our primary goal throughout the crisis was to protect the safety of United’s customers and employees. We also managed the crisis aggressively to ensure the airline—and the jobs it supports—was here when customers began flying again. So, in pursuit of both objectives, we got to work on several industry-leading actions including: 

Leading on safety and cleaning, including becoming the first airline to mandate masks on board, our industry leading CleanPlus partnership with Cleveland Clinic and Clorox and many other initiatives; 

Cutting costs and reducing cash burn, including becoming the first airline to announce the elimination of CEO and President base salaries, and later cutting officers’ salaries in half; 

Using innovative approaches to raise over $26.0 billion in liquidity in 2020; 

Pushing ahead with opportunistic commercial initiatives such as our cargo operations, new route announcements and being the first legacy airline to permanently eliminate change fees on domestic tickets; 

Despite the crisis, continuing to invest in industry-first digital capabilities like Search by Map, Travel Destination Guides, virtual agent and more; and 

Entering into an industry-leading deal with our pilots. 

Those efforts are part of the reason why United was able to turn the page away from just surviving to squarely focusing on preparing for the rebound. So, as we focus on our recovery, instead of trying to “return to normal,” we are focused on a “return to new” mindset that means making meaningful changes that will put us in a position to emerge from the crisis as a new, stronger United Airlines. Our plan includes several areas of focus: 

Truly change how customers feel about United—During the crisis, we doubled-down on customer service, led the industry in cleaning and safety, and permanently got rid of change fees —and our customer satisfaction scores went up by 30 points. We will continue this focus into 2021 and beyond and do things that make United the airline people want to fly. 

Lead on environmental sustainability—Our 100% Green by 2050 commitment is unique because we plan to accomplish this without relying on traditional carbon offsets, not only putting United in a leadership position among other airlines, but setting us apart from other big businesses around the world. Fighting climate change is a global challenge that requires big thinking and bold action, and United will not use greenwashing to achieve “net zero.” 

Advance Diversity, Equity and Inclusion—United is committed to building a more diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace and world. In 2020, we increased transparency and accountability by sharing diversity representation data with our employees, announcing that we have achieved and are committed to maintaining near perfect pay equity for employees of all genders and races performing comparable work across our U.S. operations. Moving forward, you will see even more substantive actions from us focused on our suppliers, the communities we serve and the way we attract and grow talent as we seek to become the world’s most inclusive airline. 

Make innovation a hallmark of our future—We believe we have the best and fastest digital team of any airline in the world, and based on the technology changes we have already made to help our customers and employees navigate the crisis, there is no doubt in our minds that United has flown past the rest of the industry. We are committed to continuing to invest and innovate for our customers. 

Restore our balance sheet by maintaining liquidity, reducing debt and unencumbering assets—Given the amount of debt we have taken on, it will take time to restore the balance sheet, and we will have to be thoughtful when it comes to paying down debt versus making investments. 

Permanently reduce our cost structure by $2.0 billion per year—To be clear, this is not about taking things away from our employees or customers. We have learned how to run a smarter, more efficient operation and developed some really good habits regarding cost discipline. We will carry those learnings into our post-crisis future. 

COVID-19 changed our airline forever. And I am confident that the culture that served us well getting through the crisis is the same culture that will help us push through the recovery and accelerate on the other side as United gets back on track to becoming the global leader in aviation. 

Thank you for your continued support of United.



Sincerely,

Scott Kirby

Chief Executive Officer
