Dear Fellow Shareholders, 

Looking back over the past year, I am incredibly proud of the work our management team, our business leads and our broader workforce delivered, executing our strategy and fulfilling our mission of entertaining, informing and inspiring people around the globe. During a time when the world is navigating an ever-changing set of challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic, we have continued to tell the world’s most original and enduring stories, connecting global audiences and guests to their favorite characters in a way that only Disney can. In October 2020, we announced the reorganization of our media and entertainment businesses in an effort to accelerate our DTC strategy, which continues to be our top priority. We are extremely pleased with the success of our DTC services, which is a testament to our talented content and distribution teams and their ability to adapt to meet consumer needs. Our parks, experiences and products business, which has been the most extensively impacted by the pandemic, showed improvement in fiscal 2021 driven by the reopening of our parks and resorts and investments in sophisticated technology and tools to expand our services. We have put into action many new guest-centric services and in fiscal 2021 were able to introduce exciting attractions that have been in development over the past several years. These developments, combined with the continued growth of our DTC offering, will further provide our guests and consumers with streamlined access to new, immersive storytelling experiences. At the same time, ESPN continues to lead the way with innovative programming that brings audiences the sports they love in personalized and customized ways. Our Board and senior management team are committed to operating Disney as a responsible corporate citizen. We are reducing the environmental impact of our offerings and operations by implementing sustainable design features across our physical footprint, working to transition to renewable and low carbon energy sources, investing in natural climate solutions and many more initiatives to support a more sustainable world. We have also furthered our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion through our Reimagine Tomorrow endeavor. This past year, we established additional initiatives and programs to support an inclusive workplace for our employees and communities for our guests, but know there is more work to be done. We look forward to updating you on our progress in these areas. I want to take a moment to acknowledge Bob Iger and his distinguished career at Disney. Bob has left an indelible mark on the Company, and his contributions will last for generations to come. I am excited to continue working with Susan Arnold, now in her new position as Chairman of the Board. Susan has been an extraordinary leader throughout her tenure on the Board, bringing deep experience and adept judgment across an impressive range of topics that have helped support our business and drive significant shareholder value. Additionally, I am proud to welcome new members to our management team: Paul Richardson has joined us as Chief Human Resources Officer, Geoff Morrell will assume the newly created position of Chief Corporate Affairs Officer (effective January 24, 2022), and Horacio Gutierrez will be joining us February 1, 2022 as General Counsel. I look forward to collaborating with each of them as we strive to deliver unforgettable experiences and stories and drive long-term value for all Disney stakeholders. I also want to thank Alan Braverman, Zenia Mucha and Jayne Parker for their dedicated service to The Walt Disney Company. I am more excited for the future of Disney today than I have been at any point during my 28 years here at the Company. Our talented management team’s steadfast commitment to the Company’s vision has allowed us to be a part of so many lives through the magic of storytelling, and our robust pipeline of content, including new films and series from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars and National Geographic, lays the foundation for that to continue. On behalf of the senior management team at Disney, we want to thank you for your continued support and commitment to the Company. We are excited about the many opportunities ahead for our businesses and employees, and look forward to creating even more magical experiences for our guests and consumers. 



Sincerely,

Robert A. Chapek

Chief Executive Officer
