Dear Stockholders, 2020 was a year of challenges and dramatic changes in the way we live. It was also a year where we were pushed to adapt and clarify what is important to us. We have witnessed not only the far-reaching impact of a global pandemic but also heartbreaking reminders of racism and inequity in our country. Through it all, we have led with our values, taking care of our associates, our customers, and our stockholders, and taking action to help drive positive change and to create a more inclusive future for all. Record Fiscal Year 2020 We could not be prouder of the accomplishments of the team here at Williams-Sonoma. Their resilience and dedication were key to what we have been able to achieve over the past year, including record growth and profitability that substantially outperformed the industry. We delivered net revenues of nearly $6.8 billion, 15% higher than prior year, driven by double-digit growth across all our brands and a 44% increase in our e-commerce business, which reached over 70% of our total revenues. Our new growth initiatives, including Business-to-Business and Marketplace, also continued to build momentum, becoming powerful accelerators of our growth. This topline performance, along with our strong financial discipline all year, enabled us to deliver substantial operating margin expansion and earnings-per-share that was almost double that of last year. The Power of Our Three Key Differentiators As we look back on our fiscal year 2020 results, the power and relevance of our three key differentiators – our in-house design, our digital-first channel strategy, and our values – are clearer than ever. • Our in-house design – Designing our products in-house, creating original aesthetics and working with our talented vendors allow us to bring quality, sustainable products to market. As a result, we have pricing power that others do not, given the design, quality and value equation is so strong and that the bulk of our products cannot be found elsewhere. This pricing power enabled us to be very deliberate in reducing promotions in all of our brands throughout 2020. This is a very significant and material change in our model. We have tested into this change, replacing site-wide promotions with inspiring content. And, the effectiveness of this change is clear in our results, including consecutive quarters of product margin expansion. • Our digital-first channel strategy – As the number one non-pure play e-commerce retailer in home furnishings and a top 25 e-commerce retailer in the US across all industries, one of the key reasons we outperformed in 2020 was because our e-commerce platform was able to serve our customers at scale. We have built our e-commerce business upon 60 years of a catalog heritage, during which we have honed our supply chain infrastructure to ship large items directly to customers, built a robust marketing house-file, and developed a deep expertise in creating lifestyle imagery that works so well online. As a result, we are at a significant advantage versus our competitors to push our growth in e-commerce even higher. Of course, being a digital-first retailer, and not digital-only, means that we also have our stores as a competitive advantage. They support our growth online by giving customers the opportunity to experience our products in person, and the convenience of our omni-channel services. • Our values – Our values, underpinned by our commitment to sustainability, equity action, and supporting our associates and the communities where we work, are increasingly relevant to today’s consumer. In a year marked by environmental, social and health challenges on a scale not previously seen in our lifetimes, our work in these areas was in sharp focus. Our commitment to sustainability is one of the main reasons our customers choose us over our competitors. We are thrilled to be recognized for our work in this area. Just last month, we were ranked #16 on Barron’s 100 most sustainable companies, up from #32 last year, and continuing our recognition as the only home furnishings retailer on the list. Diversity, equity, and inclusion is also central to who we are as a company. We continue to lead in gender and LGBTQ equity, and we are proud to be included in Bloomberg’s Gender Equality Index this year, as well as to score 90% or higher in the Human Rights Campaign’s corporate equality index. We have also committed to improving racial equity, both within our company and in the communities we serve, by establishing our Equity Action Plan. And although there is still a lot more to do, we have made measurable progress. We have committed our ongoing support to over 25 national and local non-profit organizations that advocate for racial justice and equity, and have increased our Black/African American representation through hiring, partnerships and collaborations. In the face of COVID, taking care of our associates has been a top priority. We continued to pay our associates while our stores and offices were closed and provided several pandemic bonuses and hourly wage increases to our frontline workers throughout the year. To help protect the safety of our associates and our communities, we continue to provide personal protective gear and COVID testing to our associates. And, through our Williams-Sonoma, Inc. Foundation, we have given financial assistance to over 850 associates experiencing COVID-related hardship this year. We are seeing a direct correlation between the good work we are doing in the world and our sales performance, as 70% of consumers today want to support brands that are doing good in the world. Future Outlook As we look forward to the year ahead and the longer-term future of our company, we are confident in our ability to drive growth and improve our profitability. We believe the strength of our key differentiators will enable us to continue to drive growth and market share gain. Also, our key growth initiatives of Business-to-Business, Marketplace, and global operations are accelerating in momentum and attracting new customers to our brands. In addition, the macro backdrop is fueling our confidence as we believe favorable trends, including high consumer confidence, a strong housing market, an accelerating shift to e-commerce, the continuation of hybrid remote work, and the importance of sustainability and values to the consumer should continue to benefit our business for the long term. As a result, we have accelerated our path to $10 billion in revenues with operating margin expanding to 15% and expect to reach these goals in the next five years. As we strive towards these goals, we want to express our profound gratitude to our associates, particularly our frontline workers, who worked tirelessly to serve our customers as we navigated an extremely challenging environment. We also want to thank our customers, for their unwavering support and loyalty. In addition, we want to thank our Board of Directors for their contributions and guidance during a time of uncertainty and change. Finally, we want to thank you, our stockholders, for your ongoing support. We are firmly focused on the next chapter of growth and fulfilling our mission of enhancing the quality of people’s lives at home. 

Laura Alber 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director
