Dear Shareholders, Following the extended period of significant challenges created by the pandemic, 2021 proved to be an incredible, dynamic year for Wynn Resorts. Significant portions of our business reemerged stronger than ever; others are still experiencing the impact of pandemic-related restrictions. Overall, the heart of our business – our employees and the tremendous sense of ownership they take in creating singular guest experiences – is unwavering. It is their sense of proprietorship which results in our strong performance. We concluded last year on a wave of strength and success in North America. Our exceptional resort offerings and focus on service resonated well with guests who felt they had spent the whole of 2020 and early 2021 isolated and at home. Our Las Vegas team learned new ways to operate in a changed environment, one in which interest from convention and meetings groups was limited but featured roaring demand for our product from gaming and leisure travelers. Our Encore Boston Harbor team’s recalibration toward the casino side of the business began to show strong results with more to come. Travel remains constrained in the Macau market due to the pandemic. We believe consumer demand will continue to build and the changes we have continuously made since the opening of Wynn Palace to increase our appeal to premium mass and direct VIP customers will be rewarded when travelers return to the market. Looking forward, the Macau concession renewal process continues to move ahead as anticipated in a very logical and methodical manner. This year also looks bright for our resorts in North America with new room product for Wynn Las Vegas and a new entertainment offering and programming that will expand our audience of guests and deepen our relevance to them. New dining offerings and database growth at Encore Boston Harbor will further solidify our market position in the Northeast. The closure of our sale-leaseback transaction of Encore Boston Harbor with Realty Income will, in part, facilitate the ground-breaking on Phase One of development of the significant real estate holdings we have across Lower Broadway, adjacent to Encore Boston Harbor. We will further diversify our business and meaningfully extend our brand into the Middle East and Europe with our recently announced resort in Ras Al-Khaimah in the United Arab Emirates. Design and development on that project will continue throughout 2022. In such a pivotal year, no team is better positioned to gain advantage than Wynn Resorts. 

Sincerely, 

Craig Billings 

Chief Executive Officer
