Dear shareholders,

As the COVID-19 pandemic worsened in March 2020, 3M’s respirator plant in Valley, Nebraska issued a call for help: it needed two dozen 3M engineers and technicians to work on additional manufacturing lines that were already running around the clock. By the next morning, over a hundred 3Mers from across the Midwest had volunteered — at a moment’s notice — to pack up, temporarily relocate and sacrifice time away from family to make a difference. It is inspiring, but it is not surprising. This is 3M. This is who we are and what we do. I have been with this company for more than three decades. 2020 was a year like no other, and I’ve never been prouder of how 3Mers everywhere stepped up to help the world during a unique moment in history. Our response throughout COVID-19 has been guided by our purpose, and shaped by three priorities: protecting our employees, fighting the pandemic from every angle and delivering for our customers and shareholders. Last year, we made more respirators than ever before, while continuing to innovate for customers, invest for the future and advance our values. As a result, 3M is well-positioned to lead through the global recovery and capitalize on market and technological trends that favor our market-leading businesses. That too is an example of who we are and what we do. Ultimately, we have more work to do to build an even stronger, more competitive enterprise. My commitment is for all of 3M to stay relentlessly focused on delivering extraordinary value for all stakeholders who have placed their trust in us — including premium returns for you, our shareholders.

Good operational performance in an uncertain environment 

With respect to 2020 financial results, the impact of COVID-19 and the global economic slowdowns varied across 3M. Some areas of our portfolio — such as personal safety — experienced higher demand, while others — such as health care elective procedures — faced substantial declines. Broadly speaking, we saw many of our end-markets sequentially improve as we moved through the second half of the year and as economies began to reopen, though of course significant economic uncertainty remains as we start 2021. Companywide, organic growth was -1.7%, along with earnings of $9.25 per share, or $8.74 on an adjusted basis. Our team delivered another year of robust free cash flow, up 23% to $6.6 billion, with a conversion rate of 123% — demonstrating our ability to perform across economic cycles. We posted a good return on invested capital of 18%, along with operating margins of 22%, and adjusted operating margins of nearly 21%. Finally, we returned $3.8 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, and 2020 marked our 62nd consecutive year of dividend increases. 

Protecting lives in the global pandemic 

Beyond financial results, 2020 was a year in which 3M stepped up where we were needed the most. Our company has a unique and critical responsibility in pandemic preparedness and response, and it starts with an uncompromising commitment to the safety of our employees. When the virus broke out, we moved quickly to remote work where possible, while instituting more robust safety protocols in our factories and other facilities. For 3Mers personally affected, we implemented pandemic support policies to help protect their pay and benefits and allow them to take care of themselves and their families. At the same time, we worked to protect the public, including and especially the nurses, doctors and first responders on the front lines. 3M is a longtime leader in personal safety, with a range of science-based solutions for respiratory, face, hearing and fall protection. These include our N95 respirators, which 3M pioneered 50 years ago, and which we have continuously refined and improved ever since. The bulk of our N95 respirators are manufactured in the United States at plants in Nebraska and South Dakota; we also have manufacturing facilities in Asia Pacific, Europe and Latin America. Following SARS in the early 2000s, we decided to prepare for future crises by investing in significant respirator surge capacity at our plants. Those investments have enabled us to respond to emergencies such as H1N1, the Japanese tsunami and wildfires. When the world needs us, 3M is there.

Thus, when COVID-19 emerged in January, we were able to quickly activate our surge capacity and double our production of respirators to support the urgent public health response. We have since made additional investments, and forged partnerships with other companies and governments around the world, to continuously bring on additional capacity. In total, 3M produced and delivered 2 billion respirators globally in 2020, with approximately half in the United States. Today, we are producing respirators at a rate of 2.5 billion per year, a 4-fold increase versus 2019. Our team has also collaborated with law enforcement and retailers to combat price-gouging, counterfeiting and other fraudulent activity. We published our respirator prices, filed nearly two dozen lawsuits and removed thousands of deceptive websites and social media posts. We’ve helped identify more than 10 million counterfeit respirators, protecting healthcare workers from bad actors. In addition to respirators, 3M has led the fight against COVID-19 in other important ways. Our biopharma filtration solutions have helped speed development and manufacture of critical vaccines and therapeutics. We introduced new daily face coverings, and quickly adapted our cleaning and disinfecting product lines to serve new customers. We also made investments to support vulnerable populations, and helped young students learn remotely through science-at-home programs. At the center of our COVID-19 response has been our people: from the 50,000 3Mers in our factories and distribution centers, to the retirees who came back to staff our fraud hotline, to those who answered the call in Valley, Nebraska. People across 3M have stepped up to make a difference, and I cannot thank our entire team enough for their extraordinary contributions in 2020.

Investing for the future 

As we fought COVID-19 on so many fronts, we never lost focus on taking strategic actions to position ourselves for long-term growth, productivity and value creation. Innovation differentiates 3M, and last year we invested $3.4 billion in the combination of research and development and capital expenditures, enabling us to both invent and manufacture unique solutions for customers. We found ways to innovate faster and differently, while driving strong results in our priority growth platforms like indoor air quality, biopharma filtration and automotive electrification. For example, last year we introduced cutting-edge products to improve electric car batteries, one element of our work to support more sustainable vehicle designs. For the full year, our priority growth platforms grew 7%, outperforming the markets they serve. 3M also continued to advance the new, streamlined global operating model that we implemented at the beginning of 2020, a significant step in our transformation. Our new model has enabled us to respond to the pandemic with agility and resilience — from expansion of respirator production to our ability to maintain business continuity, strong customer service and the integrity of our supply chain. To further optimize our model and streamline our organization, we initiated a series of actions across the company that will reduce annual operating costs by $250 to $300 million. Disciplined capital allocation across the entire company — coupled with strong cash flow — also helped us reduce net debt by over $4 billion in the year. As a result, we exited 2020 with a stronger balance sheet and capital structure, and well-positioned for the future.

Positioned for growth and emerging market trends 

COVID-19 is rapidly changing the global economy and the way people live, work and communicate. Years’ worth of changes are unfolding in a matter of months, creating opportunities to unleash 3M science and drive sustainable, long-term growth. With people at home more, for example, there is growing need for products to maintain and improve households, increasing demand for our indoor air quality and do-it-yourself solutions. The rapid movement to a digital-first world opens more opportunities for our innovations that improve the performance of data centers and semiconductor manufacturing. An increased focus in other areas, such as personal safety and health care, is also highly attractive for 3M. To capitalize on these market trends, we are increasing the prioritization of investments where demand is strong, while digitizing our operations and accelerating our use of data and analytics in everything we do. 

Committed to science, society, sustainability 

As we move forward, we will continue to step up our leadership in science, society and sustainability. The pandemic has emphasized the importance of science in solving the world’s toughest challenges. For 3M, science drives us forward. We leverage and combine our technologies in unique ways across all of our businesses, which helps make 3M greater than the sum of our parts. We are positioned to do even more to deliver differentiated solutions for our customers into the future. 3M is also partnering with our communities to improve society. In 2020 we took steps to advance our values, including our commitments to diversity, equity and inclusion. We launched an ambitious plan to strengthen economic opportunities and education for people of color, and we are holding ourselves accountable to new goals to support underrepresented groups at 3M, building on recent progress. In February 2021 we released our first annual Diversity, Equity and Inclusion report with details on our goals and metrics, further increasing transparency in this important area. Similarly, we are strengthening our commitment to sustainability, another core value for 3M. Over the last two decades we’ve reduced our greenhouse gas emissions significantly, and 3M products help our customers avoid millions of tons of emissions every year, including innovations that make cars, homes and electronics more energy efficient. At the same time, we are increasing our efforts to make our operations more sustainable, including anticipated investments of $1 billion over the next 20 years to accelerate our ability to achieve carbon neutrality by 2050, further reduce water usage, and improve water quality.

At 3M, achieving our environmental goals means we will bend the curve in a way that goes beyond what’s expected, and accelerates improvements our world needs. For example, we plan to aggressively cut our carbon emissions: 50% by 2030, 80% by 2040, and be fully carbon neutral by 2050. We also expect to achieve a 10% reduction in water use by the end of next year, and a 25% reduction overall by 2030 — saving 2.5 billion gallons of water annually. Our investments to improve water quality will allow us to put in place advanced technology by 2023 at our sites that use the most water, and have that technology fully operationalized by 2024, as we quickly move to return water to the environment better than what we took into our plants. This is 3M. This is who we are and this is what we do. 

Most successful endeavors - whether an organization or a social movement - are fueled by one big idea. For 3M, it is applying science to improve lives, and we are finding new and better ways to do that every day. I am confident in the future for 3M, and in our ability to continue doing what we do best: use science to make the world a safer, healthier and better place. 

Thank you for your continued confidence in 3M.

Mike Roman

3M Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
