To Our Shareholders

In a time like no other – with communities around the world tested by extraordinary social, environmental, economic, and public health challenges – the people of Activision Blizzard have played an important role in supporting and serving the global community by keeping people connected and using our powerful global platform to comfort, inspire, and draw communities together. We are humbled and grateful that an audience of 400 million players in 190 countries has continued to turn to us for entertainment and joy each month. We are thankful to our exceptionally dedicated employees who have continued to innovate, deliver, and expand on our mission despite the challenges of the pandemic. And we are deeply appreciative of you – our investors – for your ongoing confidence and trust in our ability to deploy your capital wisely. Our mission – connecting and engaging the world through epic entertainment – has never been more relevant and important. As we continue to execute on our strategy, our investments in our biggest opportunities continue to allow us to provide superior shareholder returns. Since 1991, when we purchased our stake in the company and were given the privilege of managing it, the company’s book value per share has grown at a compound annual rate of 30%. If you had invested $1,000 in our company 20 years ago, your investment, including dividend reinvestment, would have been worth $82,190 at the end of 2020, or around 20 times the S&P 500’s $4,223 over the same period. We have included a similar paragraph in our shareholder letter for many years, and our commitment to delivering value to you is as steadfast today as it was three decades ago. As we look back on 2020, it has never been more apparent that our ability to positively impact the lives of our players and communities is the ultimate driver of this share performance. Our financial success comes from continuously finding new ways to delight and engage hundreds of millions of players around the world and from growing our communities of players. Achieving this requires us to attract and retain a diverse and inclusive group of highly talented and motivated employees. And this in turn is only possible if our teams share a sense of purpose and collective values in serving our shareholders through our commitment to our players, our communities, and each other. We were also pleased that our continued strong business performance, our ability to consistently generate growing free cash flow, and the durability of our fully-owned portfolio of intellectual property even during challenging economic circumstances was recognized with an upgrade of our credit rating to A- by Standard & Poor’s. 2020 was the most difficult operating environment that we have experienced in our 30 years leading the company. Facing unprecedented challenges, our teams around the world showed ingenuity and resilience as they continued putting our players and fans first with compelling content and experiences and executing against our most critical growth initiatives. Our record-setting results are evidence of the success of their work. In 2020 we generated net bookings1 of $8.4 billion, 32% higher than last year. Non-GAAP operating income grew 47% year over year, and non-GAAP earnings per share increased 39% to $3.21 (it is important to understand the meaning of these terms and how non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP EPS reconcile to GAAP, and we explain this in the tables at the end of this Annual Report). Our results in 2020 and success over the past 30 years illustrate the scale of the opportunity for our company. While demand for our content last year likely benefited from shelter-at-home dynamics, our growth was primarily driven by returns on our investments to expand the reach, engagement, and player investment within our largest franchises. Gamers are becoming more deeply invested in their favorite franchises and playing fewer games for longer, and we are fortunate to have created some of the most popular entertainment franchises in the world. Few franchises generate over a billion dollars in annual net bookings and today we operate three of them – Call of Duty, Warcraft, and Candy Crush. Each delivered strong performance in 2020 and each has clear opportunities for sustained growth as we create more ways to entertain and engage our players. Our teams are hard at work, in difficult circumstances, creating highly anticipated content for these leading franchises and for Diablo and Overwatch. We are also developing promising new potential franchises. With all of these initiatives already underway, we expect to have at least two more billiondollar franchises in our portfolio in the next few years. Our opportunity for audience, revenue, and earnings expansion has never been stronger. Our Response To COVID-19 The digital nature of our content enabled us to produce and deliver joy, safe entertainment, and much-needed social engagement amidst the most challenging of circumstances. And our continued conversion to a fully digital business is enabling us to achieve important sustainability goals as we continue to reduce the use of plastic packaging. Of course, none of this would be possible without the unwavering enthusiasm of our players, the dedication and commitment of our employees around the world, and the support and capital provided by our shareholders and debt holders. The health and safety of our employees, players, and fans has been and continues to be a top priority. To that end, we swiftly launched several initiatives to support each of these vital groups in managing through these unprecedented times. All of our facilities moved to a work-from-home model by midMarch 2020, completing an efficient, safe, and successful transition of nearly 10,000 employees to remote work. When traditional medical services came under huge demand at the onset of the pandemic, we created an enterprise-wide global network of physicians in order to help ensure that our employees and their families had access to the very best medical care. We made a commitment to directly support the healthcare organizations in the communities in which our employees live and work. We donated more than $5 million dollars to aid hospitals, healthcare organizations and nonprofits treating COVID-19 patients, vaccinating frontline workers, conducting promising drug trials and convalescent plasma therapies, and providing employment services in these communities. For our players and fans, we were proud to partner with the World Health Organization for the #PlayApartTogether campaign to leverage our game platforms to disseminate critical health and safety information while offering in-game events and rewards to promote social distancing. We also successfully transitioned our professional esports leagues, Overwatch League and Call of Duty League, to a remote broadcast format to keep our players and fans safe while continuing to deliver world class esports content to our global audiences. At the time of writing, the pandemic is still exacting a tragic toll upon so many. Most of our employees continue to work from home. However, we have the very best resources dedicated to the creation of policies and workplaces that will eventually allow our employees to return to the office with confidence that their healthcare needs and the needs of their families will remain our priority. A large portion of our employee population in Asia is now back in our offices, and this provides optimism that the creativity and inspiration that are derived from the camaraderie of being physically together as a team can soon be replicated in our other locations around the world. As we embark on the phased reopening of offices, we expect to continue to be recognized as a company that provides exceptionally safe work environments and the very best healthcare to our employees and their families. Accelerating The Path To One Billion Players Monthly, we engage approximately 400 million players across our network today, including over 100 million players in each of the Americas, Europe and Asia, and we have plans to more than double that audience as we unlock the full potential of our global franchises. We saw the sizeable audience expansion in Call of Duty last year as a confirmation of both the opportunity for our franchises and validation of the growth strategy that we are pursuing to realize that opportunity. Call of Duty has long been one of the world’s most successful entertainment franchises, but as we increased investment in our creative and commercial teams and extended the franchise across platforms, geographies, and business models, we delivered a dramatic increase in reach, engagement, and player investment. By extending the franchise to mobile, the largest and fastest growing gaming platform, and introducing free-to-play experiences on PC and console, we tripled the size of the player base versus two years earlier. Since its launch in October 2019, Call of Duty Mobile has been downloaded over 450 million times, becoming the highest grossing new game in the U.S. app stores in the 12 months after its launch. And the free-to-play Warzone experience on PC and console has brought in over 100 million players since its March 2020 launch. In total, over three times the number of people played Call of Duty in 2020 versus two years earlier, with time spent in the franchise over five times higher. This deep engagement included tens of millions of players who experienced the franchise for the very first time on PC and mobile in countries outside of our traditional regions. Call of Duty’s results show that free-to-play experiences across mobile, console and PC not only extend the reach of a franchise but can also lead to strong in-game monetization and additional sales of premium content. Net bookings for the franchise approximately doubled year-over-year in 2020, premium unit sales grew over 40% year-over-year, and the franchise added over a billion dollars to Activision’s segment operating income in the year. Call of Duty has established a clear, replicable blueprint for how our franchises can reach more players on more platforms in more geographies. The process must and will always begin with inspiration and creativity. We then focus on developing great gameplay. Providing players with free-to-play entry points allows us to broaden the audience, with ongoing delivery of in-game and premium content to sustain long-term engagement. We continue to increase investment in our key franchises to ensure that they are reaching their full potential and growing their communities. We are aggressively adding development talent to each team and we intend to have almost tripled developer headcount for some key franchises by the end of 2022, as compared to 2019 levels. Each franchise is at a different stage of transformation, but there is no shortage of evidence that we are following the right path. For example, in Warcraft, net bookings from World of Warcraft grew 40% year-over-year in 2020 after the launch of the Classic mode gave players more ways to experience the WoW universe. Our teams have multiple initiatives underway to extend Warcraft to the mobile platform too, creating even more ways to engage, for the over 100 million people who previously played World of Warcraft over the last 15 years as well as entirely new players around the world. We also continue to build on our leadership position in mobile at King. Candy Crush delivered strong growth in 2020 as we delivered more content more frequently to the franchise’s audience of over 200 million monthly players, and Candy was once again the highest-grossing franchise in the U.S. app stores. We intend to accelerate the pace of content delivery even further and introduce more social features into Candy Crush in the coming quarters. And we are continuing to make great progress in building King’s advertising business, where revenue grew approximately 50% year-over-year in 2020. In the Diablo franchise, Diablo Immortal, our upcoming freeto-play mobile title has been extremely well received during regional testing, setting the stage for meaningful expansion in the franchise’s growth ahead of the upcoming Diablo 4 release. And in Overwatch, we intend to not only reinvigorate the existing community with the launch of Overwatch 2 but also substantially broaden the community through business model and growth initiatives across platforms. We expect to add hundreds of millions of players to our audience through these launches as well as multiple unannounced potential franchises in our pipeline. And as we increase the size of our developer teams, we are committed to not only reaching more players across platforms but also delivering year-round content of the highest quality in each franchise, growing engagement in our communities and creating more opportunities for player investment to deliver ongoing growth for our shareholders. Creating Safe, Joyful Spaces For Social Connection We are frequently asked what has stayed the same and what has changed over our three decades of running the business. Regarding the former, our laser-like focus on serving players with inspired creativity and extraordinary execution, and always prioritizing our greatest opportunities, have been constants. Regarding the latter, there is no shortage of answers, since succeeding in this rapidly evolving industry requires a willingness and ability to consistently adapt the way we meet the needs of our players. But one of the most significant changes has been the evolution in how we manage our brands, first from developing great games to running franchises, and now to creating and sustaining global communities connected through our intellectual properties. Video games have redefined what it means to interact socially for years, and this has been reinforced during the pandemic while other forms of social interaction have been curtailed. Gaming connects people more deeply than any other form of media, bringing people together without regard to race, religion, ethnicity, sexual identity, and gender or gender expression. With our players engaging for over an hour per day when they play, our games can responsibly influence popular culture, eliminate stereotypes, celebrate differences, and encourage players to embrace tolerance and understanding. We see these deep social connections illuminated in countless stories about how our games have provided spaces for people around the world to find joy, solace, and community. This has become more apparent during these challenging and often isolating times. A group of doctors treating COVID-19 patients in Uruguay told us how they play Candy Crush on a shared hospital computer as a means of finding moments of comfort. And we spoke with an ER nurse in Kentucky who explained how World of Warcraft had helped him through several difficult times in his life, most recently by allowing him to stay connected with friends and find relaxation between shifts amid the pandemic. Across our portfolio we are finding new ways to connect players in-game. In Call of Duty and World of Warcraft, we already have millions of players communicating with their friends through social audio. Our players who play in groups with friends spend two to three times more time in-game than those who play on their own. We plan to introduce new ways for players in our other franchise communities to play, compete, or socialize with friends as we continue to enable richer social networking throughout our games. Attracting And Retaining Diverse Views, Voices And Talent We have the benefit of two powerful assets: franchises and talent. We will continue to be disciplined in our approaches to talent acquisition and human capital management and will maintain strong alignment between financial performance and reward especially within our franchises. While our current teams are already progressing on our rich content pipeline, we plan to hire over 2,000 developers to achieve our ambitious franchise growth plans over the next two years. Against a backdrop of substantial global demand for our content, this increased capacity will allow us to support even more frequent in-game content and events, continue extending our PC and console franchises to mobile, and bring new intellectual properties to market. We have long appreciated that the creation of broadly appealing games for our 400 million players in the 190 countries where our games are available requires diverse talent and skills and an environment that fosters inclusion. To this end, our recruitment practices at all levels are designed to attract talent from across society. Maintaining an equitable, inclusive workplace is essential to our success. And, like every area of our enterprise, we are never complacent about recognizing that excellence only comes from continuous improvement. As a company, humility is a core value of how we operate. For over 30 years, we have worked hard to recognize our successes without too much fanfare and always in measured ways. This year we will release our first report highlighting our commitment to the environment, social good and the very best governance practices and their direct connection to the creation of shareholder value. While the report is new, our commitment to these practices and shareholder value creation is not. Our company and employees continue to demonstrate an unwavering commitment to the communities in which we operate. The Call of Duty Endowment is an ideal example of a company-inspired and -funded initiative designed to have meaningful social impact but with a deep connection to the brand. Through the Call of Duty Endowment, we have helped find 81,000 jobs for veterans since we started the program a decade ago. Citizens willing to sacrifice their lives, livelihoods, and time with their families to protect the ideals that enable freedom and prosperity are among the most disciplined, loyal, hardworking, team-oriented, goal-driven members of our society and our workforce. Unfortunately, post-active service employment opportunities continue to be a challenge for the veteran community. As the pandemic caused record low unemployment rates to dramatically increase, veteran unemployment, as it often has, increased at even higher rates. In 2020 we dedicated more resources to find new employment opportunities for veterans and even greater resources for the populations of veterans that were especially impacted: women and Black veterans. We managed to achieve our most successful year ever for the Call of Duty Endowment, placing over 15,000 veterans into high-quality jobs. Of those we helped place last year, approximately 21% were women and 28% were Black – metrics in which we take great pride considering that women veterans and Black veterans compose just 10% and 12%, respectively, of the U.S. veteran community. As a result of the Call of Duty Endowment, we and our partners gain special access to the talented women and men we place in our own recruiting initiatives. We frequently hear heartwarming stories filled with gratitude and appreciation for helping veterans find gainful employment to be able to provide for their families. These stories remind us that supporting the communities around the world in which we operate is good business. We will continue to make investments like this which serve a greater purpose, further engage our players and employees, and contribute to shareholder value. Consistent Principles The principles that have guided us over the last 30 years served us well in 2020: Delivering innovative and compelling entertainment experiences for our communities of players around the world; Focusing on the largest and most promising opportunities; Recruiting, rewarding, and retaining diverse world-class talent; and Remaining disciplined in our responsibility to deliver shareholder value. These principles allowed us to make a meaningful and positive impact on our players during the most difficult of times, while also delivering significant value to shareholders and opportunities for employees. As we execute on our pipeline of new content across multiple platforms and business models – and as we continue to pursue new opportunities to build on our already leading franchises, reintroduce franchises from our rich library, and develop original intellectual property – we see a clear path to continue delivering growth for our shareholders. Prioritization of opportunities and access to talent remain our biggest challenges. But these are far more manageable challenges than many other companies face. Thank you to our players and audiences for continuing to invest your time and capital in our content. Thank you to our shareholders for your support. We continue to be proud to have delivered you superior returns on your capital. And thank you to our employees. Your passion, dedication and continued commitment to excellence inspires us all. With appreciation, 

Bobby Kotick 

Chief Executive Officer
