To Our Shareholders, I write to you having come through a second once-in-a-career year, another year that tested the mettle of people, businesses, and organizations of every kind. What looked like an approaching end to the pandemic in the spring and summer quickly turned into another set of challenges, and now, more than 21 months in, there is both continuing reason for hope and an acute awareness of what this unprecedented time has cost us all. Here at Aramark, we have remained focused on the things that remain in our control. Even amidst all the uncertainty, the complex operating environment, and every new challenge the year brought us, we set aggressive goals and achieved some remarkable things, including record levels of Net New Business . The team we have assembled in the past two years has been committed to a complete transformation of our culture, one that places us in a position to win and further increase performance levels across the business. We are today more responsive than ever, more aligned with our clients, more oriented around a customer service model, and more committed to the safety of our people and everyone we serve. Our teams across the globe are committed to “Reach for Remarkable” for all of our stakeholders, and driven by service, innovation, and a target of balanced, profitable growth. Fiscal 2021 Review Our focused efforts have yielded strong results. Among the measures we took this year: • Adding senior leadership talent and making organizational changes to significantly bolster our industry expertise and internal cultural evolution; • Strengthening client and supplier relationships; • Investing in growth-oriented areas of the business; • Enhancing sales training and development programs; and • Further aligning compensation with our strategic objectives by including Net New Business as 40% of our organizational bonus-incentive plan. We attribute our strong fiscal 2021 Net New Business performance to the ownership mindset we are cultivating, our ongoing focus on innovation, and the breadth of our capabilities. Annualized Gross New Business is only part of the story, but it represents the highest total since our IPO, and equals 7.7% of pre-COVID, 2019 revenues. Our robust performance in sales led to wins totaling more than $1.2 billion on an annualized basis, and we saw broad-based success across sectors, geographies, and size. They were led by particularly strong contributions from the Education and Facilities sectors within U.S. Food & Facilities. Specifically, in our largest business, Higher Education, we added a record number of new clients, including five Historically Black Colleges and Universities, further strengthening that portfolio. In the U.S., average annualized revenue for our new business wins was $3.4 million and was comprised of clients of every size. Uniforms added to this performance along with higher growth rates in recurring business, and customer and route density optimization. Their new business wins are reflective of the investments we have made in growing in that sector. Our International business continued to experience a steady growth trajectory led by Chile, China, the UK, Canada, and Germany. Across the globe, we won new business in industries such as mining, education, healthcare, and Business & Industry. The work of onboarding our new clients everywhere is ongoing, and we are investing in the process of getting these accounts up and running. Account retention is just as important to our growth story as new business wins. It reflects our commitment to delivering great service to our customers and value to our clients. We are encouraged to report improved retention rates—up to 95.5% in fiscal 2021, and 130 basis points better than our historical five-year average—but we will not be satisfied with that result. We aspire to higher retention rates, and believe that, with a continued focus on an ownership mentality and hospitality culture, we will achieve them. The magnitude of new business wins, effectively combined with these improved retention rates, allowed us to achieve record Annualized Net New Business of $505 million, which was more than five times higher than the average of the previous five years. Within US Food & Facilities, no growth in fiscal 2020 and, in fact, little growth over the past seven years, has now given way to a post-IPO record high Annualized Net New Business of nearly $300 million. International increased Annualized Net New Business by 30% over its historical average over the last five years. Each of our business segments increased account retention rates more than 100 basis points over the five-year average led by Uniforms, with an improvement of 180 basis points. Collectively, this level of Annualized Net New Business represents 3.1% of our pre-COVID, 2019 level of revenues. If we continue at this level of net new business and return to our more normal base business growth—typically 1% to 2%—we will be well on our way to our mid-single-digit growth goals. I believe these results tell of a company that has weathered a storm and found ways to thrive during unprecedented challenges, a company ready to face the coming year. But the financial results only tell part of our story. Aramark is a not a food company, or a facilities company, or a uniform company: We are a people company. And it is our people who are at the center of every accomplishment and everything we’re proud of. The company we want to be is one that reflects the clients and customers we serve, and that promotes diversity, equity, and inclusion at every level. Forty percent of our Board of Directors is diverse, and over half of our Executive Leadership Team is female. We have made clear our obligation not only to our people and our communities, but to our planet as well. In January of 2020, we committed to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions (GHGs) by 15 percent from the previous year’s baseline number, by the end of 2025. We’re now taking this one step further, and are committing to set enterprise-wide, sciencebased targets to reduce our GHGs, in line with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi). We have also pledged that within two years we will develop our science-based targets in line with the SBTi Net-Zero Standard, to reach net-zero value chain GHGs by no later than 2050. Navigating Pandemic Pressures The three primary pressures that continue to define the challenges of the era are the same ones as almost every business faces. • We have been able to mitigate the effects of industry-wide supply chain disruptions on our clients because we are large and responsive, with resulting menu flexibility and a deep bench of suppliers. We are well positioned to continue to weather this storm with our focus on leveraging spend, optimizing supplier relationships, ensuring availability of in-demand products, and honoring our commitments to sustainability and diverse local suppliers. • We are also actively monitoring the markets for inflationary pressures and buying opportunities, relying on our use of fixed contract pricing to moderate near-term impacts. Our new field ordering technology for our managed services business is already streamlining our operators’ buying activities and working hand-in-hand with optimized supply chain programs. • We continue to adapt to a changing labor environment. Our strategies to mitigate labor costs begin with disciplined scheduling protocols and efficient, demand-aligned resource management. We benefit from leveraging our proprietary technology and from our scale. We have a flexible operating model, a full employee base, and when necessary, we can leverage client locations in adjacent geographies. I also want to commend the community service and passion exhibited by the Aramark teams globally. During our most recent Aramark Building Community Day, thousands of team members led nearly 80 projects in six countries. I am extremely proud of our commitment to making a positive impact on people and planet. Our teams continued to show up when they were needed, providing services and support no matter where or what the situation called for. In Facilities, our teams kept spaces clean and safe day in and day out, whether it was in the daily execution of their jobs or during disasters. Our teams in China and Germany responded as we always do to devastating floods in their countries; during the big freeze in Texas, our teams, led by Uniforms, stepped up to get food, water, and supplies to where they were most needed; and our joint venture in Japan served athletes at the Summer Games. Our work with the United States Department of Agriculture, which oversees nutrition assistance and food distribution programs, helped advance the case for extending the universal free lunch program throughout the pandemic. Thanks to these efforts by our K-12 leadership, we surely contributed to the extension of the program last fall and again this spring. Where We’re Headed This coming year is one of great opportunity and great challenge. Sectors and industries continue to grapple with the pandemic and pressures to open and return to normal. We ended fiscal 2021 strong, with 87 percent of pre-COVID levels of businesses opened, and a continuing recovery underway. We are confident about the coming year. We will continue to focus on accelerated growth in fiscal 2022, but with a commitment to growth that is sensible, sustainable, and profitable. Our long-term goals are aggressive as well. We set these targets taking a long view of our opportunities. As we improve retention and add new business, we are taking deliberate action to invest in these accounts, and start-up costs are expected to reduce margins in the short term. Another extraordinary year is already under way, and we enter it with optimism and hope for our continued success. Our team is strong, our goals are ambitious, and together we will reach for remarkable. It takes diligence and drive to execute, and I believe that at every level we have the team to succeed.

Sincerely,

John Zillmer
