Advancements in science are empowering society to treat some of the most challenging diseases that we face. The potential to achieve scientific breakthroughs has never been greater – and Avantor will continue to play a critical role. At Avantor, everything that we do is tied to our unique mission of setting science in motion to create a better world. Our business model is grounded in supporting our customers from discovery to delivery, and we are embedded in virtually every stage of the most important research, scale-up, and manufacturing activities in the industries that we serve. We leverage our comprehensive offering and access to early-stage research to seed content and solutions that are ultimately specified into our customers’ approved production platforms. We support our customers every step of the way with our broad portfolio of products and services, customer-centric innovation model, and world-class supply chain. That's how Avantor keeps life changing science moving forward. Despite the challenging operating environment in 2021, we extended our track record of execution with another great year highlighted by 11.3% organic revenue growth. Compared to our initial guidance, we doubled organic revenue growth and adjusted EPS growth, and nearly quadrupled Adjusted EBITDA margin expansion. The Avantor Business System is the foundation of our ability to execute, and over the last several years, it has enabled us to transform our business, achieve significant strategic milestones, and deliver outstanding results. In 2021, we completed several investments in our supply chain to increase capacity and expand our footprint to support our continued growth; and we have several more expansions planned for 2022. One area of specific emphasis has been scaling our single-use platform that now comprises approximately 45% of our bioproduction revenue, compared to just 20% in 2017. This platform is expected to grow more than 20% annually, and with the recent acquisitions of RIM Bio and Masterflex we now offer a differentiated end-to-end, single-use fluid management solution. M&A was prominent in 2021, as we deployed more than $4 billion in closing three acquisitions with growth and margin profiles that are approximately two times higher than the existing Avantor portfolio. Given our extraordinary customer access, strong free cash flow, and track record of integration, we serve as a natural aggregator of differentiated life sciences technologies. Through 2025, we expect to have more than $8 billion of M&A capacity to strengthen our offering in areas such as bioproduction, high growth research workflows, and clinical services, while managing our balance sheet within our target leverage range of 2-4 times Adjusted EBITDA. I am encouraged by the momentum we have in our four end markets. Our differentiated value proposition and strong industry fundamentals position us well for continued growth, especially in biopharma where we derive more than half of our revenue. Our ability to serve our customers from early-phase discovery to delivery enables us to capture benefits throughout the integrated drug development and commercialization process. Importantly, bioproduction now comprises more than 40% of our biopharma revenue and our broad range of cGMP materials, including high purity process ingredients, single use fluid management solutions, highly characterized chromatography resins, and custom excipients, positions us to capture opportunities across all modalities – monoclonal antibodies, cell and gene therapy, and mRNA. We recognize our immense responsibility to our Avantor investors, associates, customers, suppliers, lenders, and the communities we serve. We made significant progress in 2021 advancing sustainability initiatives, including the release of our inaugural sustainability report, and are committed to progressing our Science for Goodness platform. We look forward to sharing more exciting developments in our 2022 sustainability report. We have a passion for science, for working hand in hand with the world’s leading researchers and scientists, and for solving complex problems. We have demonstrated that we can execute and are well-positioned for long-term growth. I am extremely proud of our more than 13,500 associates around the world who passionately live our values and serve our customers, and I am confident in our outlook for 2022 and beyond. I hope you're as excited about Avantor's future as I am. Thank you for being part of our journey.

MICHAEL STUBBLEFIELD 

President and Chief Executive Officer
