Dear Fellow Stockholder, 2020 was an extraordinary year. CDW coworkers found inspiration in our shared mission and worked unwaveringly to provide our customers with technologies that helped dramatically change how and where they worked, learned, connected and served their own end users and communities. I am proud of the work we did to support these businesses and institutions, all of which epitomized great courage and resilience in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic. Amidst the turmoil of last year, the experience of our people, the depth of our capabilities, and the breadth of our scale enabled us to meet the moment — helping our customers address their critical technology and operational needs. The engagement, commitment and productivity of our coworkers fueled another year of record results and market outperformance for CDW. While the challenges of 2020 tested all of us, I believe they ultimately strengthened CDW’s position as an industry leader and value creator for our stakeholders. As we look to the future, there is no doubt that technology will be more essential than ever. We will continue to do what we do best — help our customers navigate an ever-changing world and maximize their technology investments to succeed in their missions. As a trusted strategic advisor, CDW plays a dual role as a technology advisor and solutions provider to enable technology driven transformations. We are confident that we have the right strategy and remain committed to investing in our business to serve our customers for the long term. Annual Meeting Invitation On behalf of our Board of Directors, I would like to invite you to CDW’s 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The meeting will be held virtually on Thursday, May 20, 2021, at 7:30 a.m. CDT at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CDW2021. The attached Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement will serve as your guide to the business conducted at the meeting. Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, we urge you to vote either via the Internet, by telephone, or by signing and returning a proxy card. Please vote as soon as possible so that your shares will be represented. For more information on CDW and to take advantage of our many stockholder resources and tools, we encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website at investor.cdw.com. Thank you for your continued trust in CDW and investment in our business.

Christine A. Leahy 

President and Chief Executive Officer
