To our stockholders, 

Fiscal 2021 was a truly transformative year, and one like no other. Our fiscal year began last July with tremendous global uncertainty, as the COVID-19 pandemic continued to reshape how businesses operated, and how all of us lived and worked. In addition, the racial and social injustices that came to light shortly before the start of the fiscal year made it clear that we are all facing a time of incredible change, and throughout the year, the unfolding reality of climate change created even more urgency to build a more sustainable economy.

Despite the complexity of navigating these challenges, it has been a year of hope and optimism as a recovery has started to take shape. At Cisco, we are incredibly proud of how our teams have supported our customers, partners, communities, and one another through this time, giving us all a renewed sense of purpose. This past year has also made it undeniably clear that a focused, agile, and resilient business, guided by its purpose and values, and anchored in its strategy, can emerge stronger and better from challenging times. While the world looks and feels different today, Cisco’s core purpose to power an inclusive future for all continues to guide us as we look forward to enabling a reimagined future with tremendous opportunity ahead. 

Building momentum 

While fiscal 2021 certainly carried uncertainties, we ended it with exceptional momentum and positive revenue growth. We believe that our performance demonstrates strong execution against our strategy, robust customer adoption, trust in our innovative solutions, and accelerating adoption of our software and subscription offerings. In the fourth quarter, we experienced the strongest product order year-over-year growth rate in over a decade, driven in part by our customers’ urgency to modernize their infrastructure, digitize their businesses, and adapt to the future of work. As we continue the successful transformation of our business model that we have been investing in and executing on to drive higher subscription revenue, we have seen more predictability in our business model and greater visibility into our future. Our solid performance, combined with the strength of our transformation, only reinforces my confidence about our future.

In fiscal 2021, our software revenue was $15 billion of our total revenue of $49.8 billion, up 7% year over year, making us one of the largest software companies in the world. We also achieved software subscription revenue growth of 15% year over year. We believe our investments are paying off, as our offerings delivered a strong recurring stream of revenues and are one of the key reasons why we finished the year with strong remaining performance obligations. Our consistent performance allowed us to close out the year with a strong balance sheet and solid cash flows, enabling us to continue to invest in our growth. However, we are also seeing similar supply issues for key components that nearly every company in the industry is experiencing. We believe our world-class supply chain team will help us navigate this complex situation, enable us to optimize our access to key components (including semiconductors), and help us to take care of our customers by fulfilling demand as quickly as possible. 

Power of our portfolio— Leading with innovation 

As businesses slowly reopen, we see a tremendous opportunity ahead as nearly every company in every industry accelerates its digital agility in a cloudfirst world. Our customers are looking for solutions that provide speed, agility, and simplicity, and Cisco is the right company to deliver on each of these areas with our continued innovation. We believe that we are at a pivotal moment as we have a massive opportunity to transform what has been the traditional office and define the future of hybrid work. As our customers look to create safer hybrid workplaces and collaborative, engaging experiences for their customers and employees, we believe they are becoming increasingly reliant on Cisco technologies to help them achieve those goals. Over the last fiscal year, we have introduced a number of new capabilities across our entire portfolio, while also investing in more flexible consumption models including our core networking capabilities as a service, highlighted by the recent launch of Cisco Plus. Our new Cisco Plus solutions will deliver cross-portfolio technologies to help solve our customers’ biggest needs with faster time to value. Our initial “network-as-aservice” offering delivers hybrid cloud technologies and will later expand to a broader catalog of services built and delivered with our partner ecosystem. While still in the early days of its launch, Cisco Plus directly aligns with our transformation goals around driving more subscription-based revenue.

“We are committed to providing our customers the technologies they need to successfully navigate highly dynamic environments at an incredibly rapid pace, and we’re continuing to see strong customer reception for our accelerated investments in software and subscriptions.”

In collaboration, we continue to invest in and accelerate Webex, through both acquisitions and delivering new innovations, including the introduction of more than 1,000 new features and devices since last year. These innovations include the all-new Webex Suite, with a new look and feel that support hybrid work collaboration. We acquired several software-based companies within the collaboration space, including Slido and Socio Labs, which we are integrating into our Webex platform to provide a comprehensive event management solution. We also acquired IMImobile, a cloud communications software and services company, and Involvio, a leading student experience platform. In security, we are focused on proactively protecting our customers from threats and remediating against them in an ever-increasing cyberthreat environment. We are increasingly deploying our zero-trust and secure access service edge (SASE) architectures, along with automation, authentication, and analytics capabilities. Additionally, we have delivered several new innovations, including passwordless authentication, cloud-based malware detection, and enhancements to SecureX. To complement these innovations, we acquired assets like Kenna Security, to drive even greater security efficacy. The broad and accelerating adoption of multicloud and modern application environments is changing how the world’s largest networks are built, operated, and secured, and we believe Cisco is at the center of this transition. We are building the internet for the future by creating breakthrough innovation with our routing, optical, and automation technologies to deliver significant economic benefits. We launched a new routed optical networking solution integrating our scalable, high-performance routers and Acacia’s pluggable optics, which offers significant cost savings. We are also significantly expanding our footprint with our webscale customers as they begin their 400G upgrade cycles. Going forward, we will continue to increase our investments in key growth areas and technology shifts to help our customers succeed. Our focus areas will include hybrid cloud, hybrid work, 5G, Wi-Fi 6, edge, security, and cloudnative architectures. I firmly believe increased investments in these areas will extend our technology leadership position and help our customers identify solutions that drive speed, agility, and simplicity. 

Powering an inclusive future for all— Creating positive impact 

Whether it’s our deep focus on delivering the best results for our customers, partners, and employees, or our commitment to making a difference in communities across the world, Cisco remains committed to our purpose: to power an inclusive future for all. One key focus area is our commitment to creating sustainable solutions to address environmental issues that face communities around the world. For example, we’ve taken several actions to protect the planet and address the global climate change crisis. In September, we announced our commitments to be net zero across all scopes of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2040, which includes our product use, operations, and supply chain, and net zero across all global Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions by 2025. We have already achieved 100% renewable energy in the U.S. and in many countries across Europe and will continue to take additional steps to reduce our carbon footprint going forward. In addition, in April, the Cisco Foundation committed $100 million over 10 years to fund nonprofit grants and impact investing in climate solutions. We also continue to remain focused on the critical need to address racial equality and social justice. This past May, we announced our commitment to invest $150 million in historically black colleges and universities by providing networking, security, and collaboration technologies, as well as IT support services, to address their cybersecurity and digital infrastructure needs. 

Confidence in our future 

As we look to fiscal 2022, we are excited to build on our strong momentum from this past fiscal year, with continued focus on growth, execution, and innovation. As the global recovery takes shape, we are executing on our vision of rebuilding a better world—one that is digital, sustainable, inclusive, and highly secure. We are committed to providing our customers the technologies they need to successfully navigate highly dynamic environments at an incredibly rapid pace, and we’re continuing to see strong customer appreciation of our accelerated investments in software and subscriptions. I’m more confident than ever in our position as the worldwide leader in technology that powers the internet, the digital enterprise, and the future of work, and I’m excited for the opportunities ahead. 

Thank you for your continued support, and we hope you stay healthy and safe.



Chuck Robbins

Chair and Chief Executive Officer
