During 2020, we made significant progress in our effort to strengthen the company’s position for accelerated revenue growth. We intensified our client-centricity, refined our strategy, and established a healthier cost structure that enabled us to make further investments in growth. In line with our strategy, we reshaped our portfolio of services and solutions by exiting non-strategic businesses and investing organically and inorganically. We complemented our talented teams with the hiring of diverse, highly skilled leaders, among them new executive committee members. We also lifted the engagement levels of our associates to new highs. Our strategic, commercial, and operational progress is a tribute to the cohesiveness and energy of our leadership team and the engagement of our nearly 300,000 associates. They stepped up to deliver tremendous value to clients, colleagues, and the communities in which we work and live. Cognizant’s full-year 2020 revenue was $16.7 billion, a year-over-year decline of 0.8%, or a decline of 0.7% in constant currency1 . GAAP operating margin was 12.7%. GAAP diluted EPS was $2.57, and free cash flow2 was $2.9 billion. In 2020, Cognizant returned approximately $2.1 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividend payments. Moving into a new growth phase We entered 2021 with growing confidence in our prospects. We believe we are in a new phase of growth propelled by increased commercial momentum, a portfolio focused on faster-growing market and geographic segments, a stronger partner ecosystem, a more robust demand environment, and a better cost structure. We are resolved to reestablish Cognizant as an industry leader. In our knowledge-intensive business, the road to that future begins with our associates. They are the source of our creative problemsolving, innovative solutions, and competitive advantage. We are investing in their learning and professional development, and have overhauled our talent management and annual performance evaluation processes to develop a high-performance culture that creates conditions for everyone to thrive. Living our purpose, improving lives Our associates are united and energized by the company’s new purpose, vision, strategic priorities, bold moves, and values, which we call the Cognizant Agenda. Cognizant’s purpose is to engineer modern businesses to improve everyday life. This statement explains why we are in business, serves as our North Star, and conveys that, although we are a B2B company, the work we do with and for clients, most of whom are among the world’s largest corporations, helps improve everyday life for people globally. To gauge how well we are living our purpose and clarify our aspirations, we established a vision: to become the preeminent technology services partner to the Global 2000 C-suite. We see value in being the trusted advisor to our clients’ most senior leaders and in increasing the percentage of the Global 2000 that rely on us to sharpen their competitiveness. To achieve this vision, we are now several quarters into executing a strategy with four related priorities: repositioning the Cognizant brand, globalizing the company, accelerating digital, and increasing our client relevance. Building a stronger, global brand Our aim is to position Cognizant as a preeminent technology services leader with world-class digital solutions and the talent to deliver transformative business outcomes to clients. This will enable us to reach beyond the CIO office to the entire C-suite as well as to the next generation of talent we want to attract to Cognizant. Accordingly, we are investing substantially in our brand and executing a fully integrated marketing approach that combines experiential engagement, sponsorships, broad-reach advertising, flagship thought leadership, and an always-on digital presence, along with public relations, employee communications, and social media campaigns. Globalizing our business Elevating the visibility of our brand dovetails with further globalizing Cognizant. About three-quarters of our annual revenue comes from North America, creating a substantial opportunity to diversify our revenue mix by scaling our business internationally. We are investing for growth in select countries, including through M&A. For example, in Australia, we acquired Servian, a Sydney-based enterprise transformation consultancy that specializes in data analytics, AI, digital services, experience design, and cloud. In Germany, we signed an agreement in March 2021 to acquire Munich-based ESG Mobility, a digital automotive engineering R&D provider for connected, autonomous, and electric vehicles. We are also drawing on a new team of international leaders who bring fresh thinking along with local expertise and business connections, and position us for exponential growth in our international business. In addition, we are extending our Global Delivery Network with a geographically diverse footprint that will ensure greater robustness and resilience in our capabilities, further industrialize and automate our distributed work models, and provide more access to local talent. This network, which will complement our major hub in India, will include more near-shore and on-shore locations to enable deeper collaboration with clients at every stage of their digital transformation journeys. Accelerating digital, modernizing businesses The pandemic’s shockwaves have driven digital into the heart of clients’ operating models and processes. Clients are shifting from an industrial to a software-centric model, transforming their business and IT architectures in parallel, and developing agile workflows underpinned by AI and data. In response, we are helping clients deploy a new business and technology stack to modernize their businesses. That way they can innovate faster, become more agile, and stay relevant to their customers. To strengthen our ability to engineer modern businesses, we invested more than $1 billion in acquisitions focused on building our leadership positions in experience-driven software engineering, data and AI, cloud, and IoT. Seven of our recent acquisitions have been cloud-related, among them Collaborative Solutions, a global consultancy specializing in Workday enterprise cloud applications for finance and human resources, and Linium, which broadens our enterprise service management capabilities and complements our ServiceNow practice. We have also built close relationships with the world’s leading hyperscale and SaaS companies and can help clients run their core applications and create more agile workflows in the cloud with our dedicated business groups for Microsoft, Amazon Web Services, and Google Cloud Platform. We expect to be one of the biggest beneficiaries of clients moving digital into the heart of their businesses. Increasing our client relevance We are grateful for our clients. They inspire us to learn, grow, and provide increasing value year after year. In return, they count on us to bring them insights and innovative thinking. To increase our relevance to clients, we are determined to present a deeply informed point of view about their business challenges, along with the technology solutions and partner orchestration required to solve them. Therefore, we are deepening our industry and sub-industry knowledge to better serve their business priorities. In keeping with our evolution to more outcome-based client engagements, we are drawing on our rich history in application and data services, the scale and breadth of our skills, and our ability to develop and deliver industry-specific solutions that leverage our partner ecosystem. Cognizant is speeding its pivot from a provider of resources and capabilities to a solution designer and integrator, assisting clients in their digital transformations. Engineering a better world The public health, economic, and societal damage wrought by COVID-19 have caused most businesses to reflect deeply on what they owe their stakeholders. In keeping with our purpose, we strive to be a modern corporation that is responsive to the larger contexts in which we operate—societal, environmental, technological, economic, and more. That is why the principle of sustainability is so important to us. It expresses our intent to create medium- and long-term shareholder value in ways that do not jeopardize the future for other stakeholders. It speaks to our interdependence with local communities and global ecosystems. With that in mind, we joined the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC), a network of more than 12,000 companies that are committed to building a sustainable future. By signing this compact, we have committed Cognizant to integrating the relevant principles embodied in the UNGC into our company’s strategy, day-to-day operations, and organizational culture. Meeting our responsibilities to stakeholders begins with protecting the safety, health, and well-being of associates, maintaining business continuity for clients, and supporting the efforts of governments globally to contain the spread of COVID-19. One aspect of associate well-being is building a diverse and inclusive organization that creates conditions for everyone to thrive. With that in mind, we have increased our investment in driving greater D&I throughout the company. We have D&I training programs to foster inclusivity. We are expanding our sponsorship programs and hiring initiatives for underrepresented talent across leadership levels. Our improving hiring policies include a candidate pipeline initiative designed to ensure a more diverse interview slate at the vice president level and above. We are also quickly building a more diverse leadership pipeline through programs like Propel, our initiative focused on readying the company’s next level of women leaders. We are on track to put 1,000 high-performing women in leadership levels through Propel by the end of 2021. Cognizant was named a Top Employer 2021 in 17 countries globally by the Top Employers Institute, an authority on recognizing excellence in people practices in the workplace. As a global company, we care deeply about unlocking human potential. Therefore, in January 2021, we became a founding member of the World Economic Forum’s Partnering for Racial Justice in Business initiative. This coalition is committed to building equitable and just workplaces for professionals with underrepresented racial and ethnic identities. And in February 2021, we announced a five-year $250 million global initiative to advance economic mobility, educational opportunity, D&I, and health and well-being in communities as they emerge from the pandemic. This initiative will leverage new philanthropic capital, volunteer programs, inkind contributions, and business expertise to help build stronger, healthier, more inclusive communities worldwide. Within a larger societal context, we announced a $10 million philanthropic commitment in 2020 to help communities worldwide address the immediate and long-term impacts of COVID-19. Cognizant partnered with XPRIZE, the world’s leader in designing and operating incentive competitions to solve humankind’s big problems, to launch the Pandemic Response Challenge. This competition was aimed at harnessing the power of data and AI to equip policymakers and health officials with the insights needed to implement public safety measures that can keep local economies open while minimizing virus outbreaks. We have also supported clients in their work to bring vaccines to market and assisted more than 100 million people with healthcare enrollment. We recognize how much we, along with enterprises everywhere, must evolve to become a sustainable business. To do so, we will embed Environmental, Social, Governance (ESG) into our thinking, decisions, and actions, a multi-year endeavor of increasing importance to our clients, associates, investors, and other stakeholders. To mark our progress along this journey, we are planning a series of announcements including the publication of Cognizant’s 2020 ESG report, which will incorporate the most applicable elements of third-party ESG reporting frameworks. Engaging associates to build our future Despite the stress our associates have been under in this COVID-19 era, they have put their hearts into living client-centricity. I am grateful for their selflessness, perseverance, and professionalism under such difficult conditions. Cognizant is a proud, resourceful, and determined company. We are building our future on a quarter-century heritage of client passion, growth, innovation, and commercial success. We are working diligently through a multi- year evolution to reposition Cognizant to achieve its full growth potential. Far from letting anything distract us from this essential work, we are forging ahead as a reinvigorated Cognizant, 100% committed to the success of our clients. We expect to emerge into a post-COVID world as a stronger, more focused, disciplined, diverse, and meritocratic company, and move closer to realizing our vision of becoming the preeminent technology services partner to the Global 2000 C-suite. We thank you, our shareholders, for your continued trust and support. 

Brian Humphries 

Chief Executive Officer
