Dear Fellow Shareholders, We believe in the transformative power of technology. As the operating system for commerce and money movement across our client base of businesses large and small, banks, credit unions, and fintechs, we’re helping our clients grow by extending our platform to capture new services and new money flows. I’m proud of how our company performed in 2021. Fiserv had another successful year of delivering on our growth agenda in the midst of a dynamic environment. We delivered very strong sales performance, attained the high end of our original organic revenue growth outlook, and achieved well above our original adjusted earnings per share outlook. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation continued with acquisitions, debt repayment and share repurchase, and we completed the integration of Fiserv and First Data well ahead of our original schedule and original financial targets, achieving $1.2 billion of cost synergy. We continued to invest in the business to fuel further growth and innovate to provide value for our clients. Our global business serves clients in more than 100 countries, and enables more than 10,000 financial institutions and more than 6 million merchant locations every year. In the U.S. alone, Fiserv solutions reach nearly 100% of households. In 2021, our Merchant business processed 78 billion transactions, including 21 billion e-commerce transactions. In our Payments and Fintech businesses, Fiserv processed more than 35 billion debit and network transactions and managed more than 1.3 billion bill pay transactions, while supporting more than 1.4 billion issuer accounts on file. This breadth and scale across the fintech and payments landscape – and across millions of consumers – provides unparalleled data and insights, which differentiate the experiences we can provide. A heritage of innovation We innovate for one reason: to help our clients succeed. Our operating systems help small and mid-sized businesses to run, fund and grow their businesses, and enable omnichannel commerce for large enterprises to bridge physical and digital experiences ranging from customer loyalty programs to alternative payment methods, such as cryptocurrency. Our digital solutions – such as online banking and digital card management – enable growth through the ease of software as service for financial institutions. Full-stack solutions, such as our agent credit program, are reducing complexity for clients, and non-card payment flows are enabling the ease and immediacy of digitally enabled services, such as person-to-person payments. Merchant Acceptance In 2021, we continued to see increased adoption of Clover ®, our merchant operating system for small and mid-sized businesses, and CaratSM for enterprise businesses. As small business continued to recover from the pandemic, merchants turned to Clover for leading in-store payment solutions, online commerce capabilities, and new vertical software and services to grow their business. Omnichannel capabilities, along with Clover software, fraud, risk, lending, and payment flows, including disbursements and cross-border solutions, are in demand and showing strong growth. Clover continues to be the commerce and business management operating system of choice for small and mid-sized businesses in the United States, and our global expansion of the platform is well underway, with Clover already in market in Argentina, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom. Our innovation focus extends to acquiring best-in-class capabilities. In 2021, we completed our acquisition of BentoBox, a leading digital ordering and delivery management platform, to help nearly 200,000 restaurant clients on our platform reach more customers. We also formed strategic partnerships aimed at enhancing the tools restaurants need to be successful, including, for example, a partnership with Google to enable customers to more easily find and order from Clover-enabled restaurant locations. As we enter 2022, Clover is better positioned than ever as the leading operating system for small and mid-sized businesses. Carat is our omnichannel ecosystem that serves enterprise clients. Omnichannel transactions powered by Carat grew more than 50% in 2021, and as the demand for omnichannel solutions continued throughout the year, demand for our integrated solutions such as disbursements, PayFac enablement, electronic benefits transfers and other digital capabilities rose to an all-time high. During the year, we added PayPal and Venmo as digital wallet options to our global disbursements platform, establishing Carat as a leader in digital payouts and enhancing its position for future growth. We also expanded relationships with a number of companies within the insurance and ride sharing sectors, as well as digital wallet companies, including marquee brands such as Coinbase. As the world’s leading merchant acquirer, we continue to grow our global market presence. In Europe, we announced a joint venture with Deutsche Bank in Germany, with 800,000 merchants, many of which we will power with our Clover platform; and we partnered with PostFinance, one of the largest financial institutions in Switzerland, to provide credit card acquiring services to their Swiss merchant clients. In Asia Pacific, we welcomed National Australia Bank as a new merchant processing client; and in Latin America, we welcomed First Caribbean International Bank for merchant processing across its banking footprint in the Caribbean. Notably, we entered into a 20-year agreement with Caixa Economica Federal, one of the Brazil’s largest banks, to become its exclusive provider of merchant acquiring services. We began onboarding and processing payment transactions for this client just 70 days after contract signing, demonstrating our speed to market, and onboarded more than 100,000 merchants by year’s end. Payments and Network In 2021, our Payments and Network segment grew through new client relationships and volume recovery compared to the height of the pandemic. We signed new agreements with marquee financial institutions across the globe, including Chime Financial, Randolph Brooks Federal Credit Union and National Australia Bank, as well as leading providers in the healthcare space. We also expanded our business within the public sector across multiple product lines. We invested in digital solutions that benefit our entire financial institutions client base. We rapidly integrated our acquisition of OnDot, a mobile and online financial destination for our clients’ retail and commercial customers that provides world-class card management capabilities, including instant digital card issuance, card controls and enriched card spend data. In addition, we are already live with SpendLabs, another best-in-class capability acquired in 2021, which provides leading business card expense management capabilities for small and mid-sized businesses. SpendLabs and OnDot are contributing to our expanded presence with financial institutions for card processing. These surround solutions enhance our competitiveness of our our debit network and create more opportunities for Fiserv to offer risk and fraud, digital banking and account processing solutions, demonstrating our ability to harness the power of our unmatched distribution platform. Our Card Services business continued to provide growth underpinned by the strength of the U.S. debit market and our world-class mobile, risk, network, and small/mid-sized business solutions. We continued to expand our solution suite, piloting our agent credit program, Credit Choice, which fully launches in 2022, and gives issuers a turnkey, fully managed, modern credit card solution. Within our Issuer business, we had continued success winning in the market, with notable takeaways from key competitors, demonstrating our ability to serve clients on multiple fronts and the strength of our leadership in issuer processing. In the U.S., we onboarded key wins from 2020, including three of the op 25 card issuers. We also saw an upswing in the credit cycle, with active general purpose accounts now ahead of pre-pandemic levels. Financial Technology We grew market share in our core account processing business serving banks and credit unions with 48 new core wins. Fiserv is the partner of choice for core account processing, and the increased digital focus of our finaicial instiutions clients, along with the success of Abiliti, our modern, API-driven online and mobile banking platform that supports our clients’ retail and business customers, drove healthy growth in sales of digital surround solutions in 2021. Increased merger activity among finical institutions led to Fiserv being chosen as a strategic technology partner to power newly combined entities into the future. In addition, we continued to provide complementary Fiserv solutions to enhance the value of our core solutions for clients. We closed 2021 with growth in Zelle® person-toperson payments transactions and, in our bill pay business, we extended our bill payment functionality with a new PayPal app. We continued to enrich our open banking and fintech ecosystem, launching Developer Studio, our new developer portal, to provide expansive API integrations and support our clients with the tools needed to accelerate innovation across our entire ecosystem. In early 2022, we expect to accelerate our clients’ ability to quickly deploy modular banking services and launch new banking solutions through our announced agreement to acquire Finxact, a developer of cloud-native banking solutions that enable clients to launch modern, flexible and highly personalized digital banking experiences. Equally important to extending our platform to accommodate new services and money flows is our commitment to continuing to modernize and enhance our platform and processes to deliver the resilience and quality our clients expect. In what was the most active cyberthreat environment in history, Fiserv continued to operate diligently and securely, while enhancing our infrastructure and client service and support capabilities. A commitment to people and place Throughout the pandemic, the health and safety of our people, our clients, and our communities has been our top priority. We continued to enhance our award-winning people platform with ongoing programs that support our associates’ overall health and well-being. We expanded our world-class well-being program, which includes activities, support resources and vital education, such as mental health first-aid training and vaccination drives around the world. We augmented our overall benefits program, including enhanced programs for life events, such as becoming a new parent. We continued to use our Fiserv Cares fund to assist associates who have experienced unexpected financial hardship during the pandemic, and maintained our focus on professional development for our people, with unique programming centered on inclusive leadership and programs designed to accelerate the development of diverse top talent within our organization. Our commitment to creating a diverse and inclusive workplace remains a top priority and the results of our efforts speak for themselves. During the year, Forbes recognized Fiserv as one of America’s Best Employers for Diversity and, in early 2022, Fiserv was named to the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index for the sixth year in a row. For the second consecutive year, Fiserv has been designated a Best Place to Work for LGBTQ+ Equality in the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s 2022 Corporate Equality Index, which benchmarks corporate policies, practices and benefits pertinent to LGBTQ+ employees.  We also extended our partnership with the Institute for Veterans and Military Families at Syracuse University and were again named to the Military Times Best for Vets Employer List and recognized as a 5-Star Employer by VETS Indexes. Early in 2021, we increased our initial commitment to helping small, minority-owned businesses in their recovery from $10 million to $50 million. This commitment funded our Back2Business program, now in its second year, through which we have already earmarked more than $35 million. Small businesses are the lifeblood of their communities and, to date, we have awarded more than 1,400 grants to small, diverse businesses globally and bolstered the entrepreneurial ecosystems that sustain them. Examples of our community partnerships include Atlanta’s Russell Innovation Center for Entrepreneurs, Howard University Inclusive Innovation Labs, and a $1.5 million investment in the Girl Scouts of America to bring STEM curriculum and programming to girls. In 2021, we relied on our Employee Resource Groups to help focus our corporate giving efforts and donated to more than 180 organizations globally, places our people determined our support would create the greatest impact. Our people also individually donated their time and resources through our Fiserv Gives Back program, supporting more than 2,000 causes during the year. Our commitment to being good stewards of our environment continued. For the first time post-merger, Fiserv provided data about its environmental impact through the Carbon Disclosure Project, and we plan to pursue LEED certification for our new office in New York, and new Innovation Center and campus in New Jersey. Beyond the expected 2022 has ushered in new challenges. As I write this, the pandemic is subsiding in some areas and persisting in others, inflation is at levels we have no experienced in decades, and we are witnessing a heartbreak conflict in Ukraine. With each of these challenges – as in everything we do – we consider the human impact. Although we do not have operations in Ukraine, we are proud to be standing with its people, especially our Ukrainian associates. We are continuously monitoring this situation and others so we can be there for our clients and our people, helping to guide them through uncertain times. Every day, our clients use our technology to go faster and work smarter, and every day, our people help clients solve business challenges and innovate for the future. We continue to advance our technology, drive operational excellence and deepen our client relationships, strategically deploying capital and forming partnerships to benefit our clients today, and as they explore new areas for their business for tomorrow. The breadth of our business, including the high-performing mission-critical systems we provide and our continuous focus on innovation, not only benefits our clients, it enables the durability of our business model in a dynamic environment. I am privileged to lead Fiserv, serve our clients, and work with the best talent in our industry. I’m equally proud of our resilient business model, significant global footprint, leadership positions and scale in multiple areas, and the power of our assets – all of which differentiate Fiserv. As a global technology leader and human-centered company, we look ahead and see a smarter future – one that elevates the way our clients serve their customers and the way we work at Fiserv. We see the transformative power of intelligent technology and its impact on people, and the way money and information move. We are energized by the opportunity to lead the way.

Frank J. Bisignano

President and Chief Executive Officer
