Fellow Shareholders, I am pleased to invite you to our Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held online on Tuesday, May 7, 2019, at 10 a.m. EDT. During the annual meeting, we will review the initiatives under way to stabilize Frontier Communications’ financial and operating performance. We faced another challenging year in 2018, and I am keenly aware that Frontier’s stock price performance was a disappointment to our investors. I am nonetheless encouraged by the company’s improved results in recent quarters, as well as the nascent results of the transformation program our employees have named the Journey Forward. Our entire leadership is focused on operational improvements to reduce customer churn, sell more products and services, and increase revenue and profitability. Our Journey Forward program is not simply a cost-cutting exercise. It is a cross-functional effort to alter the financial, operational, and strategic trajectory of the business, with the goal of producing game-changing results. Every pillar of the business is involved: strategy, operations, human resources, customer care, finance, and more. With the full support of our Board of Directors, we have committed to a high-magnitude, high-velocity effort to reshape the company, adhering to strict timetables. The Journey Forward is an ongoing, tightly focused program. It is led by cross-functional teams of talented employees who are separated from their day-to-day responsibilities for a defined period. Teams engage in “microbattles” focused on discrete issues that, once resolved, can be scaled to the benefit of the entire organization. Our strategic repositioning is centered on improvements in three broad categories applicable to both our consumer and commercial segments: • Revenue enhancements • Operational enhancements • Care and technical support Revenue Enhancements One key initiative of the Journey Forward is the specialized and enhanced training we are delivering in our customer care centers. The dedicated employees who staff the centers are frequently our first point of contact with customers. Their product knowledge, technical proficiency, and personal commitment can significantly reduce churn and spur the sale of new products. Improved sales proficiency is coming at exactly the right moment, given Frontier’s exciting new offerings for small/medium businesses and for enterprise segments. Our new commercial offerings include: • Frontier Anyware UCaaS, a cloud-based, unified communications as a service (UCaaS) solution for small and medium-size business and enterprise customers; • Frontier Connect WAN, an end-to-end software- defined wide-area network (SD-WAN) solution that meets the rising data-driven and multilocation management demands of business customers; • Frontier Connect-Cloud, which uses our ethernet network to give customers a cloud connection for highly secure, private, dedicated access to leading third-party cloud service providers; and • Frontier Simply Wi-Fi Secure, which offers midsize businesses a secure, fully managed wireless network as well as valuable analytic data. Operational Enhancements Our various transformative initiatives in field operations fall within the category of operational enhancements but, by their nature, will have ripple effects across revenue and customer-care enhancements. We are working to make more-efficient allocations of resources in the field, leading to faster customer-response times. Reductions in unnecessary truck rolls or dispatches means more time with customers. While these improvements are being made, we have nearly finished expanding the availability of gigabit broadband across our entire fiber-optic service (FiOS) footprint. In 2019 we will deploy 10 gigabit fiber services for commercial customers as well as for 5G backhaul capacity. One of the beauties of fiber is that these enhancements can take place with relative ease, little disruption, and manageable expense. Care and Technical Support No matter how automated a business, personal relationships are the key to sustained success and a good reputation. Our customer care, technical support operations, information technology, and security teams are committed to building bridges among all company constituents. At a time when cybersecurity tops everyone’s concerns, we take our customers’ privacy and security very seriously. Our network defenses are strong, and we take pride in delivering secure, dedicated access for our customers. It is important customers know Frontier has their backs. . The Year Ahead As I write this letter, the Journey Forward is moving full steam ahead. We have completed four initiatives which, along with others underway, resulted in 21 scalable solutions. Estimates indicate that these 21 solutions will represent a total benefit of approximately $200 million in earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization (EBITDA). In sum, 2018 was a year of challenge and intense focus. We continued to systematically identify and address opportunities for improvement. We are wholeheartedly committed to a transformation program that will deepen and accelerate these efforts across the organization. Processes are in place, and early results are encouraging. We ask for your support of this work. 

Sincerely,

Daniel J. McCarthy 

President and Chief Executive Officer
