Dear Fellow Shareholder

Your company faced a very challenging 2020 with very good performance under the circumstances. Our Aerospace markets were dramatically impacted by COVID-19 and the resultant economic disruptions and travel restrictions. Our defense markets did not have the same problem, but productivity was directly and immediately impacted by the shutdown of numerous government agencies and by disruptions to our workforce. Nevertheless, your company demonstrated its resilience and adaptability. As a critical national infrastructure company, we remained open and fully operational. We took immediate action to protect our people, supply chain and operations. And, as you would expect, our management team was on-site, at their posts, throughout. We were also called upon by the government to help our communities. We responded by providing over 200,000 items of PPE to first responders in hard-hit areas. We repurposed machinery to produce shields and testing swab packaging. We also increased donations to hospitals and food banks. Despite the foregoing, we achieved most of our operational and financial goals. We had solid cash performance and added to our backlog in important ways. Our total backlog rose 3% to $89.5 billion and our total estimated contract value rose to a record $134.7 billion. The total company book-tobill was 1.1 to 1 for the year, led by particularly strong order performance at Electric Boat. This bodes well for the business going forward. On the cash front, we had free cash flow of $2.9 billion, a very respectable 91% of net earnings. We expect our cash generation from operations in the near and intermediate time frames to be even better. It follows quite naturally that we improved our financial flexibility with an $854 million reduction in net debt. We also increased our dividend by 8%, marking the 23rd consecutive year of annual increases. As I am sure you are aware, the entire Aerospace industry was enormously impacted by the economic and social consequences of COVID-19. Some commentators called it a worldwide collapse of both the commercial and business jet markets. Early in the crisis, we sought to be a good cyclical. In that regard, we lowered our aircraft production rate to better align production with demand, adjusted staffing levels, and implemented other strong cost control measures. As a result, your company’s Aerospace operating earnings were an industry-leading $1.08 billion on revenue of $8.1 billion, an operating margin of 13.4%. This, of course, was down from 2019, a record year. However, this performance compared to all others in the industry is more than compelling.

Demand, while lower than pre-COVID levels, remained solid with a dollar-denominated book-to-bill for the year at 0.88 to 1. The sales pipeline remains active for us, and we believe it will improve further as international travel restrictions are lifted and the economy more fully recovers. Our product development program proceeds at the predicted pace at Gulfstream. Flight testing of the G700 began in February 2020, and by year end, the five flighttest airplanes had accumulated more than 1,000 flight hours. Entry into service for this magnificent aircraft is targeted for the final quarter of 2022. The G500/600 family of aircraft has almost 100 aircraft in service as I write this letter. Our manufacturing productivity continues to improve, resulting in better margins. Our quality has been superb. These two products have been well received by the market as solid replacements for the venerable G450 and G550. We are very proud of the accomplishments of the men and women of Gulfstream and Jet Aviation in this environment. We asked our defense units to try to make up the shortfall caused by the tough environment in Aerospace. They tried but didn’t quite get there. At Combat Systems, our revenue was up 3.1% to $7.2 billion, and operating earnings were up 4.5% to slightly more than $1 billion. Our U.S. Army customer is providing steady demand as it modernizes the force. As a result, total estimated contract value was up to $24.3 billion, driven by orders for the newly updated Abrams main battle tank, new versions of the Stryker combat vehicle and increased international orders. This was, once again, strong performance from Combat Systems, the world’s leading integrator of armored combat vehicles.

The Marine Systems segment had another very good year. Revenue of $10 billion was up almost $800 million, or 8.7%, driven primarily by increased submarine construction. Operating earnings were $854 million, up 8.8%, the highest ever for Marine Systems. Backlog rose to $50 billion, up 13.1% on the award of a $9.5 billion contract for the construction of the first two of 12 Columbia-class ballistic missile submarines. To support the increase in submarine production this year and beyond, we continued to invest capital expenditures at Electric Boat. We expect solid year-over-year increases in production, revenue and earnings in the Marine Systems segment. Our newly designated Technologies segment combines for reporting purposes our IT services business and Mission Systems, reflecting their strategy to increasingly go to market as a team. This group was the most impacted of our defense businesses by COVID-19 with the most remote participation from employees and the most difficulty accessing customer locations. As a result, revenue of $12.6 billion was off $711 million, and operating earnings were $1.2 billion, or 7.6% lower, generating an operating margin of 9.6%. Nonetheless, they demonstrated outstanding cash performance, generating cash flow in excess of 150% of imputed net earnings, the strongest performance within the company. Because of strong order activity, particularly at GDIT, total estimated contract value reached over $41 billion, the highest in the segment’s history on a combined basis. Order activity continues to remain strong, again positioning this segment for good growth. In March 2021, the board of directors raised the dividend by 8.2% to a quarterly rate of $1.19 per share. This marks the 24th consecutive year of dividend increases. All in all, despite the challenges of COVID-19, we continued to serve our customers and our communities. We took care of our people and continued our commitment to building a cohesive, diverse workforce. Our commitment to creating long-term value remains our focus as we continue to navigate through the pandemic.



Phebe N. Novakovic

Chairman and CEO
