The world as we knew it a mere year ago is vastly different. And while the Covid-19 pandemic has tested global markets, customers, employees, and all of us in ways we could never imagine, it has also brought a renewed focus on digital transformation. Navigating through the pandemic and planning for a post-COVID world has increased customer needs for as-a-service offerings, secure connectivity, remote work capabilities, and analytics to unlock insights from data. Our strategy and solutions are aligned to these needs, and we see a tremendous opportunity to help our customers transform and digitize their businesses as they continue to adapt and operate in a new world. This is why I remain more committed than ever to our edge-to-cloud platform as-a-service vision and strategy to address evolving customer needs and deliver long-term sustainable, profitable growth for our shareholders. Our purpose is to advance the way people live and work Our customers rely on us to deliver HPE technology and services to help them adjust to new and emerging needs. We acted quickly and definitively to manage our own business the past year so we could bring new capabilities and experiences to our customers. Our purpose as a company is to advance the way people live and work, and this mission has never been more important than now. Throughout the COVID-19 crisis, our 60,000+ team members demonstrated amazing agility and perseverance. One of our cultural beliefs at HPE is “yes we can.” Our team members exhibited this belief daily as our customers asked us for immediate help in hospitals, schools, stores, employee homes, and other unexpected places. A terrific example of delivering solutions tuned to help customers adjust to the pandemic is the innovative Virtual Desktop Infrastructure (VDI) offerings we prioritized, enabling them to support their growing workfrom-home employee populations. I am tremendously proud of HPE and our team members’ response during this unprecedented time. Digital transformation is now a strategic imperative The future that HPE anticipated for the enterprise as edge-centric, cloud-enabled, and data-driven arrived early with the pandemic. Digital transformation is now a strategic imperative for enterprises. This is why I committed to accelerating our edge-to-cloud platform as-a-service strategy. Across all of our HPE businesses, we are aligning resources, unlocking operating leverage, and investing in growth. And, over the last several months, we have seen growing momentum in our businesses as customers increasingly turn to HPE for capabilities from edge to cloud. We continue to strengthen our core businesses in Compute and Storage, which provide critical capabilities to customers and are foundational to our edge-to-cloud platform as-a-service strategy. Every 60 seconds, we ship 46 terabytes of storage and four servers. This year we became the first company to embed silicon-based security into our industry-standard servers being manufactured through our HPE Trusted Supply Chain in the US. This security is critical to a growing number of US customers across federal, public, banking and finance, and healthcare verticals. In Storage, we have been on a multiyear journey to create an Intelligent Data Platform from edge to cloud and pivot to software-as-a-service data storage solutions. We are seeing momentum in key areas of investment like All Flash Array, Big Data Storage, and Hyperconverged Infrastructure. Throughout HPE’s history, we have made strategic investments to fuel future growth, and 2020 was no exception. As we take meaningful and deliberate steps to pivot our portfolio and expand into new markets, we have bolstered our investments in growth areas like the Intelligent Edge and High Performance Computing businesses where we have clear diff erentiation. A great example is our 2020 acquisition of prominent wide area network provider Silver Peak, which immediately gave HPE Aruba a leading position in the fast-growing SD-WAN market. In 2019, I committed to delivering our entire portfolio as a service by 2022 through a range of subscription, pay-per-use, and consumption-driven off erings. Consumption-based models provide an attractive alternative for customers looking to drive innovation and modernize infrastructure without the capital and operation expenses tied to over-provisioning. We have been investing in our HPE Software platform and HPE GreenLake Managed Services off erings to enable a true consumption-based experience that is unique. Customers are recognizing our diff erentiated products and services, as evidenced by our Annualized Revenue Run-Rate growth of 30% year-over-year. Our pivot to off ering everything as a service remains a significant long-term value driver for us and our shareholders. Inclusion and diversity are core to our culture None of these successes would be possible without our dedicated, determined, passionate, and multidimensional team members. Our strong culture with an emphasis on diversity and unconditional inclusion enables us to leverage diff ering perspectives, ideas, and experiences for the benefit of our customers—and our company. In 2020, HPE took bolder actions to address systemic racism and create a more equitable, inclusive, and sustainable future for all. We took several steps to fortify these eff orts, such as launching a global HPE Inclusion and Diversity Council sponsored by our director, Pam Carter; setting bonus targets to inclusion and diversity measures; and making financial contributions to organizations addressing the under-representation and injustices impacting our black and minority communities. We are committed to driving shareholder value As we embark on a new year with hope and enthusiasm, we will nevertheless remain mindful of the extraordinary challenges all HPE stakeholders face as our world continues to recover from an unprecedented, life-altering pandemic. Our company exists to advance the way people live and work by helping solve the world’s most pressing problems. We are steadfastly committed to doing so, while continually striving to deliver strong financial results that will maximize returns for our shareholders. Thank you for investing in HPE and supporting us as our bold journey continues.

Best regards,

Antonio Neri 

President & CEO, HPE
