Dear Shareholder, Howmet Aerospace was launched on April 1, 2020, after separating and spinning out Arconic Corporation. Howmet is a global leader in advanced engineered solutions, providing differentiated technologies to enable lighter, more fuel-efficient aircraft and commercial vehicles to operate with a lower carbon footprint. This was the successful culmination of a plan to establish an independent, aerospace company capable of delivering strong results for investors with long-term profitable growth and cash generation. The challenges faced as we launched Howmet were significant. The impacts of the grounding of the Boeing 737 MAX had not yet been resolved when the global COVID-19 pandemic emerged, which drove a precipitous reduction in both business and leisure air travel, leading to falling demand for our products. In the face of these challenges, our swift actions not only minimized the spread of the virus among our employees, but also kept our operations running continuously to meet the mission critical needs of our customers. Despite the uncertain operational conditions, we maintained attention on safety and quality. We saw no material incidents related to product safety or air worthiness directives. In addition, 84 percent of our locations worldwide were without a Lost Workday incident. This is a tremendous testament to the dedication and focus of our talented workforce. The operating and fiscal discipline we have built into the culture of Howmet allowed us to offset a year-over-year revenue decline of 26 percent as a result of these significant marketplace challenges to deliver performance that exceeded our outlook. We achieved these results through structural cost reductions of $197 million plus the flexing of variable expenditures, optimization of capital spending, prudent working capital management, and obtaining price increases for our differentiated advanced engineering solutions. Additionally, each of our business segments executed effective variable cost flexing, which contributed to better margin performance into year end. We acted swiftly and decisively to reduce costs with keen focus on our fourth quarter 2020 exit rate of margin to serve as a platform for 2021. Our fourth quarter 2020 combined segment decremental margin of 24 percent was among the best in our industry, and we achieved a fourth quarter 2020 adjusted EBITDA margin of 22.8 percent, which was the same as fourth quarter 2019, despite a 29 percent revenue decline. Our strict and disciplined approach to costs and spending also enabled us to generate Adjusted Free Cash Flow of $487 million from second quarter 2020 through fourth quarter 2020. Full year Adjusted Free Cash Flow including pre-separation allocations as a percentage of adjusted income from continuing operations was approximately 115 percent, well above our outlook of approximately 90 percent. We ended the year in a strong liquidity position with approximately $1.6 billion of cash. On January 15, 2021, we redeemed early the outstanding $361 million notes due 2021. Our $1 billion revolving credit facility remains undrawn and our next significant debt maturity is not until October 2024. This positions us well as opportunities for cash deployment emerge. Since our April 1, 2020 separation from Arconic Corporation, our stock rose 116 percent in 2020, as compared to the Standard & Poor’s (S&P) 500 Index increase of 52 percent and the S&P’s Aerospace & Defense exchange-traded funds increase of 61 percent over the same time frame. Despite the impact of the pandemic on the commercial aerospace industry’s foreseeable future, we remain confident in the value of Howmet Aerospace. We have spent the last year working to control our costs, focus our capital spending and generate cash. These disciplines are being built into our culture. We expect that the defense aerospace, commercial transportation, and industrial gas turbine markets will continue to be healthy and growing. With these factors in place, we have positioned Howmet Aerospace to emerge from the pandemic to be in a strong position to benefit from the market rebound.

JOHN C. PLANT 

Executive Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer
