Dear Fellow Intuit Stockholders: Intuit is a company that has always been willing to re-imagine itself in order to help solve our customers’ most pressing problems. Over the past 38-plus years, we have transformed our business more than once as we have grown into a global technology company. Today, we are building on this proud legacy of reinvention once again as we evolve from a focus on tax and accounting to being an AI-driven expert platform that powers prosperity for the customers and communities we serve. Three years ago, we declared a set of bold goals, refreshed our company strategy and declared five priorities that we call our “big bets” in service of the bold goals — and I am pleased to report we are seeing incredible momentum across the company as we drive progress against our big bets. In fiscal 2021, our total revenue grew 25 percent, including 11 percentage points from the acquisition of Credit Karma. This growth was fueled by 16 percent growth in the Small Business and Self-Employed Group and 14 percent growth in the Consumer Group, where we marked our fourth consecutive year of double-digit revenue growth. We are now building on this momentum by welcoming Mailchimp, a world-class, global customer engagement and marketing platform for small businesses, to the Intuit family. Bringing Intuit and Mailchimp together will accelerate progress on two of our big bets — to become the center of small business growth and to disrupt the small business mid-market. Adding Mailchimp alongside TurboTax, QuickBooks, Mint and Credit Karma accelerates our ability to power prosperity around the world. While we never stop working to find new, innovative ways to solve customer problems, we also know that the work of powering prosperity goes beyond our platform and products. To truly deliver on our mission of powering prosperity, we also look for other ways to live our values and help the communities around us overcome the challenges they face. We are investing our time and resources to help these communities to both meet the challenges of today and thrive in the future. At Intuit, we believe this work starts with a fundamental commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI). Diversity is a fact, but inclusion and equity are choices we make — and we believe choosing to embrace and embed DEI into how we operate is critical to driving innovation and growth in the future. We declared our focus on increasing the percentage of women in our technology roles and underrepresented minorities across our business. We were proud to meet our fiscal 2021 goal of 30 percent of our technology roles being held by women and, although we made progress, we fell just short of our goal for underrepresented minorities in our ranks, achieving 13 percent representation. We know there is more work to be done. In addition to our commitment to DEI, we have also declared three key corporate responsibility priorities: job creation, job readiness and having a positive impact on climate. In fiscal 2021, we exceeded our annual goals for these priorities and we are well on our way to meeting the long-term goals that we have set for ourselves. We are undertaking all of this because we are committed to rewiring the company in order to become an even better version of ourselves. We continue to push ourselves to be more courageous in the choices we make, to deliver unrivaled customer benefits in everything that we do, and to bring the power of all of our employees and partners to bear to help build a better world. For us, it’s about reaching for the stars and doing things we never imagined possible. Moving forward, we will continue to build on the strong momentum we have. With our durable game plan to win in place, I am confident that we are well positioned for accelerated innovation and growth. While I am proud of all that we have accomplished, I also know that we are just getting started — and I am incredibly excited about all the amazing things to come as we work to power prosperity around the world.

Sasan Goodarzi 

President and Chief Executive Officer
