To our Stockholders and Employees, When disruptive challenges approach, you can adapt, seize the opportunity to learn and accelerate into a solution. Or you can stay stagnant and deny change. I mention this because we knew the complexities caused by the global pandemic would follow us into 2021, but we felt stronger and more resilient than ever. We armed ourselves with everything we had learned in 2020 – confident of the investments we made in our people, our technology and our equipment. Feeling equipped and prepared for the work ahead, we narrowed in on our mission – to create the most efficient transportation network in North America – and our numbers tell that same story. Establishing a workplace of “culture cultivators” is essential to ensuring a company thrives. Last year, we took big steps to drive us forward in Diversity & Inclusion and were named one of “America’s Best Employers for Diversity 2021” by Forbes. The strength of a diverse workplace bolstered us to rise to the occasion of another disruptive year. Providing value for our customers and executing with excellence connects our 33,000 employees with our founders’ roots and company goals, but also with each other. Our philosophy is simple: We take care of our people, and our people take care of our business. Looking back over the last year, our success is a direct reflection of our exceptional people – and the culture kept since 1961. Growing Our Technology We understand that to continually innovate, we need to accelerate with technology. It’s an enabler for our safety, environmental sustainability, and business longevity, and it provides key support to our mission of creating the most efficient transportation network in North America. Compounding the work of our Engineering & Technology teams with strategic collaborations has spurred the impressive growth of our multimodal digital freight marketplace, J.B. Hunt 360. J.B. Hunt 360 creates efficiency and cost savings across supply chains by providing greater visibility of available capacity in the transportation market. This helps optimize the movement of freight in North America and eliminates wasted time and empty miles by matching the right load with the right truck at the right time. In 2021, approximately 1.3 million loads were processed through the platform, utilizing nearly 889,000 trucks, including J.B. Hunt-operated and third-party carriers’ vehicles. This is up from 1.2 million loads and 750,000 trucks in 2020, respectively. In 2021, J.B. Hunt made two strategic technology integrations with J.B. Hunt 360: • We expanded the reach of our platform - making our customers’ freight more readily available to more carriers. In turn, this: 1) enhanced visibility into the transportation market, expanding our tracking capabilities, and 2) reduced or eliminated ineffective daily tasks – such as time booking a shipment and unnecessary communication during the quoting and booking process. Securing capacity and managing logistics needs through the platform continues to provide much needed efficiency and visibility for shippers and carriers alike. • We established a multi-year alliance with Google to accelerate J.B. Hunt’s digital transformation and collaborate on next-generation supply chain platform technology. Powered by Google Cloud’s innovative cloud technologies, J.B. Hunt 360 will better predict outcomes, empower users, and help shippers and carriers make informed decisions. We will also develop new services to digitally transform the shipping and logistics experience by using advanced artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) tools from Google Cloud. Addressing Capacity Issues Supply chain congestion was another variable that impacted our operations and the operations of so many others. However, we never waivered in delivering solutions to our customers. Last November, J.B. Hunt launched our first transload service to help customers experiencing congestion in the New York metro area by providing a one-stop source for quickly transferring ocean freight onto equipment for domestic transport. Shippers can leverage J.B. Hunt Intermodal and J.B. Hunt Highway Services to move freight outbound from the facility, providing line haul capacity to anywhere in the United States. Taking it one step further, we increased our efficiency by handling port drayage and final door delivery, as well as arranging for services such as sorting, labeling, palletization and shrink wrap. We also committed to add 12,000 new intermodal containers to our fleet – surpassing 100,000 intermodal containers overall in October. This was part of a $1.25 billion capital investment plan for 2021 to increase J.B. Hunt’s total container and trailer capacity by 12%. By expanding our J.B. Hunt 360box® program with 3,000 new trailers, we are giving shippers more solutions that lower costs, while improving transportation efficiency. The flexibility shippers receive with this program adds capacity to their supply chain and provides access to one of the industry’s largest power-only carrier platforms. Furthermore, we tapped into our flatbed carrier base to help relieve port congestion. A power-only carrier would typically wait for an empty chassis to haul away a container, but a flatbed carrier can load the container directly onto its trailer. This solution can decrease transit time by days during peak seasons, putting freight on the road faster and getting retailers and distribution centers stocked more quickly. Empowering People and Communities A strong company is one that is rich in diversity and champions inclusivity. We put great importance on creating a lasting culture of inclusion that rallies around and encourages its many forms. Our company culture, including our corporate giving practices, reflect the desire to support inclusive practices. We formally launched our Inclusion Office in 2021, led by our first VP of Inclusion, Jermaine Oldham, a five-year employee and former United States Air Force service member. Mr. Oldham and his team are working to expand and lead our Enterprise Inclusion strategy and help foster a more inclusive culture at J.B. Hunt. Focusing on mental health is also part of our culture of empowering and supporting employees. We recently gave a $1.25 million contribution to the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention (AFSP) to support a variety of AFSP programs nationwide, including education and community resources to create much-needed space for critical conversations around mental health and suicide prevention. Bridging the gap between inclusive education and transportation’s next generation of leaders is very important to us. Last year, we announced another collaboration with the University of Arkansas to enhance supply chain efficiency and prepare industry leaders. We created the J.B. Hunt Transport Services Inc. Inclusion in Supply Chain Endowed Scholarship Fund to establish an ongoing scholarship program at the University of Arkansas – encouraging students to pursue supply chain careers and contribute to the college’s diverse educational environment. The endowed fund is based on an initial investment of $1 million. We remain committed to hiring and supporting military members. In 2021, J.B. Hunt was one of 15 recipients of the 2021 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award and ranked a top 10 Military Friendly® Employer by VIQTORY for the 15th consecutive year. This year also marked the eighth consecutive year we’ve helped Wreaths Across America deliver 2.2 million wreaths to over 2,100 cemeteries across the country to honor fallen veterans. We desire to improve the communities where we live and operate, especially when it comes to the healthcare of our people and their families. J.B. Hunt has supported Arkansas Children’s for nearly four decades through annual employee giving campaigns and leadership gifts to support capital projects, programs and services. We recently committed $1 million annually for five years to support future expansion at Arkansas Children’s Northwest. This new commitment of $5 million brings J.B. Hunt’s overall investment in Arkansas Children’s Northwest to $10 million. When the pandemic began, we deployed resources to support COVID-19 relief – including a donation of 300,000 pieces of PPE to local medical facilities and a one-time bonus totaling $14 million for drivers and personnel who kept the country’s freight moving. That support continued in February 2021 when we hosted COVID-19 vaccine clinics at J.B. Hunt corporate headquarters in conjunction with Northwest Arkansas Council. As of early March, more than 34,000 doses have been administered to our local community at vaccine clinics held on our corporate campus and even more at clinics held at various company facilities throughout the country. Telling Our Sustainability Story Reducing wasted miles and carbon footprints is synonymous with driving efficiency and optimizing supply chains, which is work we’ve been doing for a while. In most recent years, J.B. Hunt has improved our efforts to be more transparent about our ESG performance – publishing our comprehensive 2020 Sustainability Report, prepared in accordance with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and SASB frameworks. The report, a first of its kind for the company, details our commitment to employees, customers, shareholders, vendors and suppliers and the communities where we operate. We are excited about this progress and are proud to be leaders in sustainable transportation, helping to drive the industry toward a low-carbon future. We welcome the accountability this type of transparency brings, because it shines a light on the important work in environmental sustainability and raises the bar for others in the industry. A New Frontier We believe in the benefits of emerging technology and feel the responsibility to evaluate it. Being involved in shaping the go-to-market strategy and correlating public policy efforts will help ensure that we can safely introduce new technology to blend into J.B. Hunt’s robust portfolio of solutions as it becomes viable. While we believe there will be a need for highly skilled, professional drivers for the foreseeable future, it is important for J.B. Hunt as an industry leader to be involved early in the development of advanced autonomous technologies and driving systems to ensure that their implementation will improve efficiency while enhancing safety. In June 2021 we collaborated with Waymo, the leading autonomous driving technology developer, to autonomously move freight in Texas for one of J.B. Hunt’s leading customers. The test run used Waymo Via, the company’s autonomous Class 8 trucking unit powered by the Waymo Driver, to haul freight between facilities in Houston and Fort Worth, Texas. The transport was completed using Level 4 autonomous driving technology supervised by Waymo autonomous specialists with a commercially licensed driver and a software technician on board to monitor every aspect of the Waymo Driver’s operations throughout the runs. This was one of the first opportunities for J.B. Hunt to receive data and feedback on customer freight moved with a Class 8 tractor operating at this level of autonomy, which proved wholly successful. The trial run is just the beginning. In January of this year, we furthered our relationship with Waymo by announcing a long-term, strategic alliance to advance the integration of commercial autonomous driving technology in transportation and logistics, with ultimate plans to complete fully autonomous transport in Texas in the next few years. 60 Years of J.B. Hunt It was very fitting that in 2021 we celebrated J.B. Hunt’s 60th anniversary. We marveled at how far the company has come, and it tasted that much sweeter following such a tough year. Built on a solid foundation since 1961, I believe that the disruptions we’ve overcome so far, and our response to each of them, will encourage future generations when they look back on our company’s history. The best is yet to come for J.B. Hunt. Like so many others, I’m proud to play a part in our innovation that will keep us relevant for the next 60 years. It’s an exciting time for us to be on the edge of the next era of transportation, and rallied together as one, we are prepared for whatever lies ahead. Growth is our oxygen, and I know we have a bright future ahead of us as we enter 2022 focused on becoming bigger, stronger, better… together. 

John N.Roberts, III

President & Chief Executive Officer
