Over the past few years, the environment in which our customers operate, and their complex needs, have evolved. They continually tell me they want to do business in a different way – particularly when it comes to addressing near-peer threats. They need a rapid, less bureaucratic approach, with a commercial mindset around cutting-edge solutions. We embrace that shift and continue to make progress on our journey to become the trusted disruptor for global security. With the creation of our company in mid-2019, we took a fresh look to better align with these customer needs, which was reinforced by our recent portfolio shaping process, business streamlining and formation of the Agile Development Group (ADG). Today, L3Harris sits at the nexus of “Traditional Primes” and “New Commercial Entrants” – a company that understands the threats, requirements, and solutions across all domains, and leverages our mature understanding of customers’ operational drivers while exploiting technology innovation from all sources. Our focus is straightforward: grow the company by creating value for all stakeholders – our shareholders, our employees, our customers, and the communities where we live and work. Throughout 2021, we delivered leading bottomline growth, provided employees with safe and rewarding work environments, delivered innovative and affordable solutions to our customers, while supporting our communities through financial assistance and employee volunteerism. We differ from other companies in our industry; we are not wedded to platforms. We are agile and offer tailored solutions informed by complex threats to connect and execute missions across all domains. Space Domain By establishing the U.S. Space Force, the DoD made it clear that space is a warfighting domain. Our history as a leading payload provider, at a time when satellite buses are being “commoditized,” aligns us extremely well with the evolving space architecture. We are in a prime position to continue winning responsive space programs, augmenting our exquisite payload and ground-based businesses. Our responsive satellite business continues to make progress with successful critical design reviews for the missile warning tracking layer for the Space Development Agency — and the Missile Defense Agency’s Hypersonic and Ballistic Tracking Space Sensor prototypes. Additionally, a series of wins in the classified area – supporting multi-billion-dollar opportunities as technology demonstrations – will lead to full constellations in the coming years. Air Domain The need for global Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) aircraft, advanced unmanned systems and weapons, fighter jet modernization — and the ability to seamlessly network them together with resilient communications — is in high demand across defense agencies globally. Our leading position in “missionizing” small to large aircraft with ISR capabilities creates solutions that are resilient, rapid and affordable. This underpins multi-billion-dollar opportunities within the DoD and amongst our allies from Europe to the Middle East to Australia. Fighter aircraft represent a unique opportunity, such as key technology upgrades for the F-35 aircraft, while modernization of F/A-18 and F-16 electronic warfare suites offer another significant opportunity for the company. A rising need for each platform is the need for nextgeneration networking. Our C5ISR leadership, whether with datalink or SIGINT technologies, puts the company in a prime position to better integrate the U.S. Armed Forces. Sensors and effects remain our focus, while we aim to network the entire battlespace with ubiquitous, resilient communications. In addition, our range of offerings for adjacent markets – including global aviation authorities, aircraft manufacturers and airlines – can capitalize on the dynamic environment. Land Domain The need to modernize land forces remains critical, as supported by persistent uncertainty in Europe and the Middle East. Notwithstanding timing disruptions from electronic component shortages, our leading global position in tactical communications and night vision systems is set to capitalize on strong modernization demand, given the need for resilient and upgraded capabilities, supporting multi-billiondollar opportunities for several years. In addition to serving our Defense customers, we are ready to fulfill our nation’s first responder communication needs in conjunction with increasing state and local budgets. Sea Domain As we consider near-peer threats, protecting and supporting U.S. and allied naval operations is paramount. These threats are multi-faceted and require innovative solutions across ship classes, for unmanned platforms and within a network – all areas where we are positioned with leading technologies. Our submarine content continues to expand with the Columbia-class through electrical, propulsion and other systems as we gear up for the first delivery, building on our decades of experience with the Virginia-class. Concurrently, the unmanned fleet count is set to grow significantly as demand for survivability and affordability increases, with our Medium Unmanned Service Vehicle and Unmanned Undersea Vehicles in prime positions. From a networking standpoint, our leading sensing, tracking and connectivity capabilities, be it at the seabed or surface, enable a fullyintegrated architecture across global fleets. Cyber Domain Our billion-dollar cyber business is primarily classified, given the importance of its mission and growing threats faced by governments globally, be it from near-peer threats or otherwise. Our opportunity revolves around penetrating ultra-hard targets, limiting threats our nation and allies confront, and creating a strategic advantage. Integrate for the Future Fight Tackling near-peer threats will require a comprehensive and integrated network across all domains. With our alldomain capabilities, technological edge and commercial mindset, we are ideally positioned to address the need for a system-of-systems approach and make the networked battlefield a reality. THE YEAR IN REVIEW Your L3Harris team delivered solid 2021 results despite an uncertain environment. As we began the year, we were optimistic – the pandemic had eased, defense budgets appeared stable and our nation began a recovery from civil divisiveness. Unfortunately, as we’ve all seen, some of that progress came to a pause. We experienced new COVID variants, a protracted continuing resolution (CR) for government budgets and ongoing unrest on multiple fronts. Our central 2021 challenge stemmed from global supply chain disruptions for electronic components that marred an otherwise stable year for our Communications System segment, despite robust demand signals at our Tactical Communications business. In addition, the U.S. administration transition led to appointee gaps and a deceleration in the contracting environment, made even more challenging by the CR. Nonetheless, we expanded our backlog by 5% on a book-to-bill of over 1.0. We also delivered EPS in the upper end of the range of our initial guidance with 12% growth versus the prior year, yet again offsetting another year of COVID-related challenges as well as dilution from portfolio shaping activity. In addition, our free cash flow per share increased, an important metric that our shareholders monitor. This was accomplished through relentless focus on execution of our e3 continuous improvement program and record margin performance alongside capital returns that were the highest among our defense peers at nearly $5 billion. A persistent bright spot has been our continued international expansion, with 2021 marking the second year in a row of double-digit growth and major new franchise program wins in key markets such as Australia, the UK, Saudi Arabia and India. Our strategy of developing exportable open systems while strengthening national provider relationships in key countries, continues to build our reputation as an international partner of choice. To strengthen our competitive position as a non-traditional prime, we formed a strategic partnership with Shield Capital, a specialist venture capital firm investing in frontier technologies at the nexus of the traditional A&D sector and Silicon Valley start-ups. This partnership offers us access to disruptive innovators for technology transfer, teaming arrangements, direct investments and acquisitions. Though we strive for perfection, we will never achieve 100% of our goals. To deliver decisive advantages for our customers, we chose to strategically optimize – rather than minimize – risk. We lost competitive bids and we have a few programs that are either ‘red’ for technical challenges, late to our schedule commitment, or over budget. We answer disappointments with education. We do not blame others or make excuses; we learn from our failures and challenges and commit ourselves to continuous improvement. Our results would not have been possible without the strength and resiliency of our Board, leadership team and 47,000 employees around the globe who overcame 2021’s many challenges to position us for a strong future. I would especially like to recognize the many employees who worked onsite throughout the continued pandemic to meet our customers’ critical needs. I sincerely thank them all for their hard work and dedication. It is a true pleasure to lead such a tremendous team. AS WE LOOK AHEAD We are off to a strong start in 2022. We have finalized our post-merger portfolio shaping that culminated in a realigned and better-positioned set of businesses in our new, three-segment structure, enabling our leadership to execute the company’s growth objectives. We’ve also formed an internal organization, the ADG, that will develop and integrate customer-focused, cutting-edge solutions and technologies from across L3Harris, while leveraging outside innovation from commercial industry to deliver breakthrough results for our customers. Financially, our expectation is for sustainable organic revenue growth, supported by an expanded backlog of $21 billion and driven by the advancement of our strategy as the trusted disruptor for our customers. We anticipate both our leading operating margins and steady cash generation to remain strong, supporting our bottom-line growth that compares well versus our peers. At the same time, we intend to advance our ambitious goals relating to environmental, social and governance issues, as we become a more conscientious enterprise. As we approach our third year as a combined company, now with a streamlined portfolio and a team of wellintegrated businesses, we’re optimistic about what the future holds. There are many levers to create value for our stakeholders – be it revenue growth, margin expansion or capital allocation – and we intend to use them all in the next phase of L3Harris.

Christopher E. Kubasik 

Vice Chair and Chief Executive Officer
