Dear Lam Stockholders, 2021 was another record fiscal year for Lam Research. We achieved the highest revenues, operating income, and earnings per share results in the company’s history. Our revenue of $14.6 billion grew more than 45% from the prior fiscal year with strength across all business units. Profits increased at a significantly higher rate with earnings per share of $26.90, up more than 70% over our prior fiscal year. This success could not have happened without the unwavering dedication of our employees as well as the collaboration, partnership, and support of our customers and suppliers. We have all demonstrated resiliency through the challenges of the ongoing global pandemic, while pushing forward technology breakthroughs. It has been extraordinary to see our people and everyone we work with rise to these challenges, and we are grateful for their efforts. Over the last year, we delivered exceptional growth and operational execution at perhaps the most important time in our history. Our industry sits at the center of an incredible transformation of society – in the way we work, live, learn, and interact. Semiconductors have become intrinsically important to the global economy. Broad and growing semiconductor demand will continue to be driven by the proliferation of technologies such as artificial intelligence, high performance computing, 5G networks, and the Internet of Things. As semiconductors become more fundamental to our daily lives, the wafer fabrication equipment that enables production of devices is ever more critical. Rapid digitization of the global economy, combined with rising complexity of semiconductor devices and manufacturing, is expected to drive continued robust equipment investment. Lam is focused on both next-level innovation and enhanced manufacturing capability to meet the industry’s escalating demands. Our deposition and etch products are critical to advancing our customers’ technology roadmaps. In the NAND segment, we were the leader in enabling the transition to 3D devices and today hold enduring leadership positions in the most critical deposition and etch applications. In fact, our tools have cumulatively processed over 40 million more wafers than our nearest competition through the three most critical 3D NAND applications. Lam is now applying the expertise acquired in high-volume manufacturing of 3D NAND devices to help customers solve the growing 3D scaling challenges coming to the DRAM and Foundry/Logic segments as well. Our approach to innovation emphasizes collaboration across our ecosystem, and we are intensifying this focus by increasing research and development investments closer to customers, with the aim of accelerating new application development, shortening cycles of learning, and strengthening our understanding of our customers’ most difficult problems. To support the increase in equipment needs from our customers, we have expanded our output capability globally, including our new advanced technology production facility in Malaysia that began operations in July 2021. This new facility enables us to provide additional capacity, ensure business continuity for critical activities, and improve our speed in delivering on customer requirements. Additionally, we expanded operations at our manufacturing facility in Ohio focused on critical spare parts, and we acquired full ownership of a Taiwan joint venture for our non-leading-edge equipment manufacturing. Innovation and manufacturing must also be backed up with service and support, and we are providing these offerings through our Customer Support Business Group (CSBG). With our installed base at nearly 66,000 chambers exiting the 2020 calendar year, we are seeing outstanding performance in this business. In fiscal year 2021, CSBG produced record levels of revenue across the business, including spares, services, and upgrades. Additionally, the Reliant® systems business within CSBG has enabled our customers to quickly add capacity for mature node devices to meet global semiconductor demand, while setting new quarterly revenue records for ten consecutive quarters. Overall CSBG revenue has continued to grow at a faster pace than installed base chamber growth, and we are focused on innovating in this business, with advanced capabilities in remote servicing, augmented reality, and the Equipment Intelligence® we are building into our products. Lam is also dedicated to our responsibility to contribute to a better world. That starts with incorporating Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) objectives into everything we do. Our seventh annual ESG report was published in 2021, and the report outlines the Company’s progress in reducing our environmental footprint, driving a healthy and safe workforce, advancing inclusion and diversity, and contributing positively to our communities. Additionally, we highlighted in our report key ESG priorities over the short and long term and set ambitious climate goals to operate 100% on renewable energy by 2030 and become carbon net zero by 2050. To demonstrate further our commitment to integrate ESG principles into our day-to-day operations, we closed a $1.5 billion sustainability-linked credit facility, which includes pricing adjustments based on Lam’s performance around annual energy savings and maintaining our high standard of employee safety. This is an incredibly exciting time for our industry. Semiconductors are at the crux of the critical technology transformation that the world is witnessing today, and semiconductor capital equipment is foundational to enabling the creation of the devices that will power the future of advanced technologies. Lam is well-positioned for this tremendous opportunity. Our strength in operational discipline drives consistent, profitable growth, and our commitment to investments in innovation creates value for our customers and ultimately our stockholders. We’re delivering cutting-edge technology, investing in infrastructure, expanding our global footprint, and hiring the best talent around the world – all in pursuit of our mission to drive the semiconductor breakthroughs that define the next generation. We appreciate and thank you for your ongoing support. 

Sincerely,

Timothy M. Archer

President and Chief Executive Officer
