Fellow Shareholders, I am pleased to present to you our 2021 Annual Report. Beginning in early 2020, the Covid-19 pandemic dramatically impacted the operating environment in each of our markets. The pandemic-related reduction in travel and tourism spending continued to impact our results throughout 2021. Importantly, we have confidence that travel and tourism spending in each of our markets will recover over time as the impact of the pandemic abates. Since the onset of the pandemic and throughout the last year, we have invested in initiatives designed to deliver future growth as the recovery in travel and tourism spending takes place. We have also maintained our focus on the safety and well-being of our team members and guests, and on providing support to those most impacted in our host communities of Macao, Singapore and Las Vegas. While we implemented a wide range of cost control measures during the year, we continued to maintain our commitments to our employees, avoid mass workforce reductions and protect jobs and health care benefits for our team members. Our focus on the well-being of our people and our communities directly reflects the values of our visionary founder, Mr. Sheldon G. Adelson, who passed away in early 2021. The company suffered a tremendous loss with his passing. We are all deeply committed to continuing to execute his vision for the company while building upon his legacy. Nowhere is that legacy more evident than in our marketleading investments in Macao. Sands China has now invested more than $15 billion to deliver on our promise to help Macao in its economic diversification and its continued evolution into Asia’s leading leisure and business tourism destination. The company remains deeply committed to making additional investments in Macao in support of Macao’s tourism and diversification objectives. Due to the impact of the pandemic, our properties in Macao continued to operate in a challenging environment during the year, with reduced travel in the region and visa restrictions meaningfully limiting the ability for visitors from mainland China and elsewhere to visit Macao. Despite these challenges, our scale and financial strength allowed us to accelerate our capital investment programs in support of Macao’s diversification and long-term development objectives. These expansion programs included the addition of luxurious new suite product at the Grand Suites at Four Seasons, as well as the expansion and transformation of Sands Cotai Central into a new destination Integrated Resort, The Londoner Macao. The first phase of The Londoner debuted in February of 2021, and additional phases were introduced throughout the year. We believe these new offerings, together with the unrivaled scale of our additional Integrated Resort offerings in Macao, position us exceedingly well to benefit from the travel and tourism recovery that will take place as the impact of the pandemic subsides. We also continued to investin our existing facilities at Marina Bay Sands and began an important renovation project that will meaningfully enhance our suite product offerings and the appeal of our market-leading Integrated Resort in Singapore to premium customers seeking immersive travel experiences. In addition, we remain enthusiastic about our plans for the expansion of Marina Bay Sands. While disruption to Singapore’s international visitation and tourism continued to impact the resort during 2021,we have confidence in an eventual recovery in travel and tourism spending in Singapore and we look forward to continuing to contribute to the success of Singapore as a leading leisure and business tourism destination. We reached an agreement in March of 2021 to sell our Las Vegas operations and assets for approximately $6.25 billion and completed the sale in the first quarter of 2022. The proceeds from the sale enhanced our financial strength and liquidity and will enable us to invest in future growth opportunities in both Macao and Singapore and pursue additional growth opportunities in new markets. Looking ahead, our operations in Asia will remain the centerpiece of the company. We look forward to future investment in our properties and communities in both Macao and Singapore. In addition, we believe there are meaningful potential development opportunities in emerging jurisdictions in both the US and elsewhere where capital investment could provide a substantial economic benefit to those jurisdictions while delivering strong returns on invested capital for the company. We remain deeply committed to our mission of enhancing the leisure and business tourism appeal of our host markets, creating local employment opportunities, investing in our people and our communities, and providing growth opportunities for local businesses while protecting our environment. Our success in these areas is only possible through the contributions of our team members. They have responded with optimism, energy, creativity, and resilience to the challenges and opportunities presented during the year. I am deeply grateful for their efforts. Thank you for the confidence you have placed in our company. We look forward to sharing our ongoing success with you in the years ahead.

Robert G. Goldstein 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
