Dear Fellow Shareholders, On behalf of Leidos and our Board of Directors, I would like to thank you for your continued support. 2020 was a challenging and unprecedented year, and the impact of COVID-19 on our economy and way of life has been fundamental. We are only beginning to understand and process the long-term consequences of the coronavirus pandemic. Everything – from work and travel to social interactions and communities – has been disrupted in some way. This time last year, Leidos was opening a state-of-the-art global headquarters in Reston, Virginia. Shortly after, we adapted to an evolving crisis with agility – quickly shifting to remote work for many employees and prioritizing health and safety above all. Our committed employees’ resolve during this challenging time is a source of pride and inspiration for us. As a company, Leidos has embodied its reputation as a trusted provider of information technology, science, and engineering solutions for the government and highly-regulated commercial customers throughout the pandemic. At the onset of the crisis, our employees deployed to the front lines to help address evolving customer needs. They provided laptops and technical assistance to entire government agencies, ensured customers could function in remote-work environments, and enabled seamless transitions to new ways of working without disruption. From providing IT support to emergency field hospitals in New York City’s Central Park to helping the Navy track COVID-19 supply chain risks in real-time, we provided proven and secure technology solutions at a rapid pace to keep missions moving forward. Our work at Frederick National Labs, developing therapies and assisting with trials directly related to COVID-19, further contributed, giving even more meaning to the words in our mission – making the world safer, healthier, and more efficient. Consistent with our corporate strategy and to bolster core capabilities, in 2020, we completed the acquisition of two businesses. First, Dynetics – a high-technology, mission-critical services and solutions company in the national security, space, and intelligence sectors – and a long-time trusted partner of Leidos. Dynetics had impressive organic growth in 2020 and has a long history of addressing challenging and technologically advanced missions. Second, we acquired L3Harris’ Security, Detection and Automation business, adding significant capabilities to our existing airport and critical infrastructure screening technology, automated tray return systems, and other industrial automation products. These two deals tie strongly to our core business strategy and will help drive innovation and growth in the years ahead. With 39,000 employees and growing, Leidos continues to serve as a leader in the industry, focusing on our people and their continued success. This year the company doubled down on our commitment to integrity and diversity by adding ‘inclusion’ to our core values. We demonstrated this by caring for employees during this unprecedented year. Outside observers have taken note, with Newsweek naming Leidos to their “Most Responsible Companies” list for 2020 and, for the fourth year in a row, Leidos earned a place on Ethisphere’s list of World’s Most Ethical Companies®. We also maintain a firm resolve to be responsible stewards of the environment and the resources we consume. This commitment is vital given the trust placed in us by many government agencies to support critical environmental and sustainability-driven missions. In addition to our internal efforts, our engineers and scientists perform work for customers in all aspects of environmental remediation, including modernizing aging energy infrastructure and designing, implementing, and managing energy efficiency programs. These programs helped utilities save more than 700,000 net megawatt-hours annually, equivalent to 55 million gallons of gasoline or enough to power more than 66,000 homes. For our own internal goals, in 2010 we pledged to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 25% with a 2020 deadline. We exceeded that goal, reducing GHG emissions by more than 50%, and we are on track to set additional targets in 2021. Leidos remains committed to serving all stakeholders, including employees, customers, supplier partners, communities, and shareholders. As part of this, we continue to enhance our disclosures and maintain transparency throughout the business. This strong sense of purpose and commitment to stakeholders enables Leidos to connect more deeply to our customers and adjust to society’s changing demands. At the end of the year, Leidos achieved fiscal year revenue of $12.3 billion, a 10.8% increase from the prior year. Our business development team did an outstanding job pursuing business with NASA, the U.S. Navy, the Department of Energy, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), and the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA). These are just a few of the many new business lines that have bolstered our position in the market and earned our place as a world-renowned industry leader. I look forward to another solid year of performance and service to our stakeholders in 2021 and demonstrating value as a purposeful and profitable organization to you, our shareholders.

Roger Krone 

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
