Dear Fellow Shareholders, This year marks Liberty Media’s 30th annual report. It goes without saying that much has evolved over three decades. At the very least, our graphic design capabilities have progressed (see image). For many, this past year felt most extreme in its pace of change. We commend all of our management teams and employees, including Liberty’s, in their dexterity—quickly transitioning to a remote workforce, shoring up liquidity, evaluating cost structures and operating successfully under unique and challenging conditions. We are proud to collaborate with all of these accomplished people. At Liberty, we also pivoted quickly. At our first virtual Investor Day in November, we outlined a number of “COVID accelerants” spanning multiple industries—media, education, real estate, medicine to name a few. Our view remains broadly unchanged across the themes we discussed: digital adoption continues to accelerate, nesting and home improvement are likely multi-year trends, the number of homes for sale in metro San Francisco more than doubled in 2020 while list prices tanked, and “Charles Schwab meets Candy Crush” was perhaps too tame a moniker to describe the retail driven market volatility that continued into 2021. 2020 IN THE REAR VIEW The companies within Liberty Media and our various spun-off entities cover the gamut of the TMT landscape. One of the many benefits of a diversified portfolio is that, at any given time, some businesses will be winning more than others. 2020 was no exception. Our businesses navigated this past year on sound foundations, built on the benefits of scale, solid management teams, access to capital and a willingness to quickly adapt—all core attributes of any Liberty portfolio asset. Within Liberty Media, we own a high quality collection of assets that (directly or indirectly) are related to live events. In fact, we have spent years touting the “power of live” in our portfolio. We remain VERY bullish on this space. These businesses were challenged in 2020 in ways no one had foreseen, but not in ways that threatened their underlying health. If anything, management seized the opportunity to optimize business models, rationalize cost structures and make improvements that we believe will generate lasting returns. As we said at Investor Day—it’s good to be BIG, it’s good to be DIGITAL, and it’s best to be BOTH. Formula 1 is the pinnacle of motorsport, with unmatched global reach to a cumulative audience of over 1.7 billion(1) and was the fastest growing major sport globally in terms of digital engagement in 2020. Live Nation is the world’s leading live entertainment company with 40,000 shows and 100+ festivals in a year. The Atlanta Braves have the third largest marketing territory in MLB, reaching over 31 million people and 14 million households. The scale of the Liberty “live” assets contributed to our operating resilience. SiriusXM was the most operationally unscathed by COVID, but wasn’t rewarded by the stock market—a head scratcher to us. The prospects for the business are strong—powered by sustained tailwinds in the used car market, rising new car penetration, out of car connectivity initiatives, investment in our podcasting strategy and continued benefit from the platform’s ease of use. Plus, COVID reignited the Great American Road Trip—tune in to Drake’s newly launched Sound 42 channel on your next cross-country journey. We expect to reach 80% ownership of SiriusXM this year, at which point all dividends we receive will be tax-free. This has the potential to be a material source of cash flow in the future; the discount to NAV at Liberty SiriusXM is a logical and high yielding use of that cash. As a Liberty SiriusXM shareholder, the combined effect of SiriusXM’s repurchases in tandem with our repurchases at the Liberty level has substantially grown the indirect SIRI ownership attributable to each LSXM share over the years. The value equation here is compelling, albeit requiring a degree of patience. At the onset of the pandemic, we completed the reattribution of certain assets and liabilities between the Formula One Group and Liberty SiriusXM Group. This included moving our Live Nation stake and associated liabilities to Liberty SiriusXM Group, and adding meaningful cash to the Formula One Group. At the time, we heard grumblings from some Liberty SiriusXM shareholders bearish on the Live Nation equity. But our long-term confidence in Live Nation never wavered. Today, it seems the market has regained its assurance—and then some— with Live Nation up over 130% since we completed the reattribution, hitting all-time highs. We fervently believe the reattribution was in the best interest of both sets of shareholders. Our ability to reattribute assets on a fair and equitable basis across trackers is a core tenet of the tracking stock structure, and one that has proven successful for our shareholders overtime. INVESTMENT PHILOSOPHY While much has evolved at Liberty over these years, our DNA remains intact. We value our position as an owner with an attractive collection of assets and the benefit of patient capital. Our focus is on strategy, investment, risk mitigation, capital allocation and selecting high quality management teams to operate the businesses we believe in. At our core, we aim to: • Identify attractive and defensible business models • Empower strong management teams with aligned incentives • Play for the long game, not short-term gains • Be forward-looking and nimble to act quickly when opportunities arise • Return superior value to shareholders Market opportunities typically rise out of periods of dislocation. While the quick market rebound of 2020 did not present compelling opportunities, we believe time is on our side. Which brings us to the IPO of LMAC the SPAC. Our 2017 investment in Formula 1 was essentially a SPAC long before SPACs became the most popular kid in the lunchroom. Liberty was a pioneer in this type of deal structuring, just as we have been for many other tools of financial engineering. We intend to leverage the strength of our industry relationships in pursuit of a business target that aligns with our Liberty DNA. Our team is actively engaged in these efforts. If successful, this is a potential tool for liquidity we can replicate in the future. LOOKING AHEAD We entered 2021 with a fascinating consumer picture. Services historically comprise 2/3 of personal expenditures, yet spend in this sector understandably plummeted last year. Product spend, on the other hand, rose on the backs of home furnishing, cleaning supplies, groceries, outdoor equipment, used cars and more. In February 2021, the personal savings rate was north of 13%—substantially higher than the historical average of 6-8%. Where will this money go? Travel and live events are obvious beneficiaries. We have seen early indicators of pent up demand for live events reflected across Live Nation, the Braves and Formula 1. The pipeline at Live Nation for 2022 is much stronger than usual, with ~45 artists on cycle to tour compared to 25 artists typical of prior years. The Braves’ season ticket demand is the highest they have seen in several years. Formula 1 is planning a record 23-race season, and Silverstone is reporting a surge in ticket sales on the heels of confirming that they will be one of three venues to host a Sprint Qualifying race pending approval from the teams. Like many of you, I too look forward to seeing John Mayer on stage, hearing the crowd cheer when Freddie hits a walk-off homer and waiting for “it’s lights out and away we go” at F1. Two of our businesses welcomed new CEOs this year: Jennifer Witz at SiriusXM and Stefano Domenicali at Formula 1. Jennifer has been at SiriusXM for almost 20 years with stints in many areas of the organization. Stefano has a rich history in Formula 1 and returns to the sport after years with Lamborghini and Audi.We are excited for them to build on the strong foundations built by their accomplished predecessors— Jim Meyer and Chase Carey. Before closing, we’ll touch on another positive accelerant brought about in 2020. Propelled by a global pandemic and expanding consciousness about race and social justice, it is clear that environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives are cemented in the corporate lexicon, and here too at Liberty Media. This is a key focus at the corporate level and across our portfolio companies. While early in our ESG efforts, we recognize that progress on this front is not optional. Our Board, management teams and employees are committed to defining and furthering our ESG goals. Transitioning to a virtual format for our 2020 Investor Day was itself a “COVID accelerant.” While we missed the opportunity to see many of you in person, the virtual format allowed wider participation from an audience that otherwise wouldn’t have experienced the full breadth of our Investor Day production. There were efficiencies to tuning in from home, especially for investors and presenting companies. For the 2021 Investor Day, we want to keep these positives from the virtual format, while hopefully returning to some element of in-person. We believe a hybrid model is likely the optimal format, similar to the trends we are seeing across industries as companies architect the future of their business operations. An emphasis on higher asset utilization will be a hallmark of business success going forward. We look forward to seeing many of you at this year’s Investor Day on November 18th. Whether in person or online, we hope you will join us. Until then, we hope you all stay safe and healthy. We appreciate your ongoing support. 

Very truly yours,

Gregory B. Maffei 

President & Chief Executive Officer
