Dear Fellow Motorola Solutions Shareholder: In February 2021, a good Samaritan called 911 and, in a couple of clicks, was streaming live video of a car driving recklessly, allowing first responders to “be in the car with her” with an exact location to coordinate a safe response – and ultimately arrest the driver. This was possible because Okaloosa County, Florida uses Motorola Solutions’ CommandCentral Citizen Input, an application enabling public safety agencies to work in partnership with citizens to help keep us all safe. This is just one example of the mission-critical technology Motorola Solutions innovates every day – capabilities that often go unnoticed but deliver tangible results in the real world, in the moments that matter most. On behalf of Motorola Solutions, its board of directors and employees, we thank you for your investment in our company. Your support enables us to continue driving innovation and delivering on our commitment to advance the technologies that help to create a safer world. As we look back at 2021 – another year of unprecedented and overall challenging moments, including record natural disasters, supply chain disruptions, inflation and COVID-19 variants – we are incredibly proud of what Motorola Solutions accomplished. Throughout the year, we focused on: • Prioritizing the safety and welfare of our people and those we serve. • Continuing to invest in human capital through recruiting, training and diversity initiatives designed to support a thriving and inclusive global workforce that reflects a range of perspectives, skills and experiences. • Operating exceptionally well and delivering the solutions relied on by thousands of public safety agencies and enterprise customers – and millions of people around the world. • Strengthening our critical technologies – Land Mobile Radio Communications, Video Security and Access Control and Command Center Software – that create an integrated ecosystem for public safety and enterprise security. • Setting a new goal of reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 95% by 2031, after reaching our 2022 goal of reducing Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions by 38% in 2020. • Maintaining our disciplined and strategic approach to capital allocation, with a focus on investing for the long term and delivering superior value to shareholders, resulting in total shareholder return of 62%, compared to the S&P 500’s total shareholder return of 29%. Our approximately 18,700 employees around the world continue to be the driving force behind our momentum and success. They are passionate about our purpose to “help people be their best in the moments that matter,” and their support for our customers, communities and each other is unwavering. Motorola Solutions is resilient and well-positioned to continue growing and delivering strong returns. In 2021 we achieved record sales, earnings and operating cash flow, ended the year with a record $13.6 billion backlog position and increased our total addressable market to $47 billion. Our accomplishments and performance in 2021 again demonstrate that by operating responsibly, supporting our employees and communities and investing in the future, we can continue to deliver best-in-class solutions for our customers and create value for our shareholders. Thank you for your continued support.

Gregory Q. Brown 

Chairman and CEO
