The past year has been a severe test for families, for countries and for companies – the stresses and strains of a pandemic have stretched the social fabric and the commercial canvas. I want to express my gratitude to the employees of News Corp, who have navigated these testing times with professionalism and principle. Their efforts, creativity and commitment have built on the company’s proud foundations and been a catalyst for impressive results for the company this fiscal year. Overall, revenues in fiscal 2021 rose 4% and by 30% in the fourth quarter, indicating that the company is surely gaining in momentum, while profitability improved by 26% for the year. We have continued to focus our investment on growth areas, with the acquisition of Investor’s Business Daily, Mortgage Choice, and the Books and Media division of Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. We have also continued to simplify the business, with the rationalization of REA’s Asian property business, and the amicable settlement of residual litigation. Our strong cash generation has given us increased optionality. Our cash balance exceeded $2.2 billion at the end of June, and so we were able to take advantage of the required sale of OPIS, which we expect to strengthen and ultimately transform the Dow Jones professional information business. And our clearly robust cash position has prompted the company to actively review our capital returns policy. For fiscal 2021, we had a record number of digital subscriptions at our key mastheads, record traffic at realtor.com® , where audience growth, according to the independent Comscore, is significantly outpacing that of its main rival. And record subscriber growth at Foxtel, where, at the end of June, our paid streaming subscribers reached over 2 million, an increase year-on-year of 155%, a profound escalation that included the successful launch of Binge last year. That success has naturally given us much optionality as we consider Foxtel’s rather favorable future. In short, we had the most profitable year since we created the new News Corp; Dow Jones had its most profitable year since it was acquired in 2007; and HarperCollins and Move also recorded their most profitable years. And we believe there is clearly more growth ahead. Robert Thomson Chief Executive The past year has seen the revaluing of our content through landmark news payment agreements with the major tech platforms. These deals, the financial terms of which are confidential, will add significant revenue annually – clearly into nine figures – and are a profoundly important part of the ongoing transformation of the content landscape. We are also watching the evolution of the digital ad market, which, historically, has lacked transparency – the active interest of regulators worldwide should reduce opacity and provide higher yields for publishers. At Dow Jones, subscriber growth continued apace, leading to a significant increase in Segment EBITDA for the year, up 41%. Digital consumer subscriptions contributed to that growth, as did an overall increase in advertising revenues for the year of 4%, as a surge in digital ads more than compensated for a decline in print advertising. At The Wall Street Journal, subscriptions grew 15% year-over-year in the fourth quarter, reaching nearly 3.5 million; and digitalonly subs, growing by nearly 100,000 from the third quarter, and by 21% year-over-year, now comprise nearly 80% of total subscriptions. At our Risk & Compliance business, revenues increased 23% for the fiscal year, and burgeoned by 30% in the fourth quarter, compared to a year earlier, marking six straight years of over 20% growth. We believe that the Professional Information Business will continue to expand at a strong rate and that OPIS, expected to be a new growth lever at Dow Jones, will be the cornerstone for a commodities, energy and renewables digital business that will have a long-term, positive impact on our earnings. We firmly believe OPIS and Dow Jones will be more than the sum of their parts. Our acquisition of Investor’s Business Daily was completed in May and we expect to see the positive impact of this high-margin digital operation in coming quarters, given the opportunities to cross-sell and upsell products. IBD will benefit from the reach of Dow Jones and Dow Jones will prosper from IBD’s range of high-value, specialist investment offerings. The Foxtel narrative is particularly positive, as our early emphasis on streaming and on securing long-term sports and entertainment rights has put the company on a decidedly upward trajectory. Our paying subscribers were 40% higher and fiscal year revenue rose 10%, while our EBITDA growth was 11%. We are pleased with the exponential evolution of both Kayo, our sports streaming product, and BINGE, our entertainment streaming service, as they combine worldclass technology, clever user interfaces and high-quality, compelling content. It is worth pausing for a moment to consider how the Foxtel narrative has changed decisively and positively. Where once we were being asked whether we would need to put extra funds into Foxtel, now we have attractive options for a growing, contemporary business that has a tangible upside. Digital real estate is another fast-growing sector for the company and we are proud of the performance of both REA and realtor.com® . Many of you will recall that there was a certain skepticism when we acquired Move, the parent of realtor.com® , a certain doubt about our ability to turn around the company’s then flagging fortunes. It is no overstatement to say there has been a realtor.com® renaissance, with fiscal 2021 profit contribution from Move increasing by $100 million as its revenue scaled. For the year, revenue grew by 36%, and the rate accelerated to 68% in the fourth quarter. As measured by Comscore, audience growth has exceeded that of Zillow and Trulia for 17 successive months, and averaged more than 20 percentage points faster in the last eight months of fiscal 2021. The two core pillars of the realtor.com® business, the premium referral model and lead generation, have both reported superlative growth, and as more inventory comes onto the market, there will be more opportunities for the team to deliver their best-in-class services to buyers, sellers and agents. REA had a supernal year, with revenue growth of 27%, benefiting from currency and a robust housing recovery in Australia. Again, listings were a key driver, with full-year listings 15% higher, while those in the fourth quarter surged 54%. One of the absolute lessons of the pandemic is that families and investors have focused on property as both a source of returns but also of enduring security. The allure of real estate is real, and the profits are palpable. Meanwhile, we are expanding into sensible adjacencies, like mortgages, which will also benefit from the renewed flow of listings. Smartline is already thriving, and we are confident that Mortgage Choice will benefit from that increased activity by offering borrowers the best possible range of loans. HarperCollins is another resilient source of revenue growth, profits and cash generation for the company. Revenue for the full-year rose 19% while Segment EBITDA was 42% higher, as the company benefited from digital sales, the rediscovery of books as a medium, and an extensive, lucrative backlist. For example, the company profited from the immense popularity of Bridgerton, the eponymous Netflix series, to the benefit of Julia Quinn’s novels and HarperCollins. The company’s prospects and its backlist have been bolstered by the addition of the Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Books and Media segment, with its library of 7,000 titles, including the perennially popular George Orwell and Curious George. We also acquired the U.S. rights to J.R.R. Tolkien’s works, including The Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings trilogy, and now have global English language rights, which will surely benefit from the upcoming blockbuster Amazon series based on those classic but durable books. The HarperCollins team has focused on driving digital and direct-to-consumer offerings, and it is worth noting that e-book sales rose 14% during the year, while audiobooks expanded a healthy 22%. There has been a strong improvement in the profitability of the News Media businesses, with News UK, News Corp Australia and the New York Post all performing admirably and contributing to News Corp’s overall enhanced profitability. There was disciplined cost control and sage leadership throughout those businesses, and a strong recovery in advertising during the fourth quarter. In the U.K., our businesses delivered a significant profit contribution for the year, with digital subscriptions increasing markedly and listening at Wireless rising sharply during the European football championships, with advertising benefiting accordingly. The Sun remained the country’s largest digital news brand, and advertising revenue across the properties in the U.K. rebounded in the fourth quarter, compared to a year earlier. That rebound is a sign that reach, engagement and provenance are important to advertisers and that our U.K. media companies provide a uniquely effective forum. News Corp Australia took the bold and necessary decision to convert most of our regional and community papers to digital only platforms, and we saw a 25% increase in digital subscribers at the mastheads in the fourth quarter, while there was a healthy recovery in advertising. The New York Post was on the very cusp of making an annual profit for the first time in many decades – perhaps since the age of Alexander Hamilton. The Post was a digital success in fiscal 2021, generating 45% digital ad growth. And we should harvest further savings from the exiting of our Bronx printing plant. News Corp is generating record profits and cash, and that has given us the ability to make opportunistic acquisitions to bolster the company and generate even more momentum. We will certainly be thoughtful and strategic in deploying our assets, and will, as always, be cognizant of our responsibility to and the interests of all of our shareholders.

Robert Thomson 

Chief Executive
