DEAR NVIDIANS AND STAKEHOLDERS,

None of us can forget this year—the year COVID-19 changed the world. A full-out global pandemic, the world is at war with an invisible enemy. The facts and figures of the pandemic are staggering. The loss of millions is unimaginable. Yet, it is the loss of one among our families that makes COVID-19 so real. The pandemic tested the character of people, nations, and companies and shined a spotlight on what we truly value. Our core purpose is to impact by pioneering computing that can solve problems ordinary computers cannot and be a platform for scientists, developers, partners, industries, and employees to create a better future. We want to build a one-of-a-kind company that invents the future, builds amazing technologies, and strives to achieve the highest level of craft. We prioritize our employees and create a place where the world's best come to do their life's work and build a great life for their families. At NVIDIA, the spirit of invention, the drive for perfection, and a compassionate culture that cares for our families and communities are harmonious. TAKING CARE OF FAMILY DURING COVID We confronted the reality of the pandemic early and mobilized quickly. We directed employees to stay home and stay safe and reduce spread. People were scared and uncertain. We assured employees no one's job would be affected and even pulled in raises by six months, giving them confidence and a little cushion to ride out the pandemic. We continued to pay the facility and cafeteria contractors who take such great care of us. We first kept our employees safe, and then we tackled the massive undertakings to keep the company running while working from home. We mobilized efforts worldwide to figure out how to engineer and launch a record number of new products, collaborate with a record number of new partners in new markets, and ramp the most complex products the world has ever made—Ampere, BlueField, RTX, DGX. Our employees rose to the occasion, worked around the clock, and invented new and even better ways to do our work. USING OUR SUPERPOWERS Then we set sights on the virus. Joining with national labs, research hospitals, universities, startups, and pharma companies, NVIDIA researchers and engineers, armed with our unique technologies, our superpowers—image processing, high-speed simulation, and AI expertise—looked for ways to detect, treat, and, at the speed of light, find a vaccine for the virus. Let me highlight just a few of the hundreds of initiatives. We partnered with 20 hospitals from eight countries and developed an AI model that predicts COVID patients' need for supplemental oxygen in the next 24 hours. Using NVIDIA Clara federated learning, we trained the AI model on data from all of the hospitals without sharing patient-private data. Researchers at UC San Diego did the largest, longest, and most accurate simulation of a coronavirus. Simulating 305 million atoms on the 28,000-GPU Summit supercomputer, the team created a virtual microscope and saw how COVID-19 infects human cells. They did in a few months what previously took five years with the flu virus. Their work was critical to vaccine design. Over a thousand of the almost 8,000 AI startups we work with are using AI to revolutionize healthcare. They’re doing amazing work across the entire spectrum. We partnered with many to counter COVID-19—from the highest-ever resolution cryo-EM imaging, inferring the 3D atomic structure of COVID-19 from 2D cryo-EM images, using AI natural language understanding to read the amino acids of COVID-19 and predict the protein's 3D structure, doing high-throughput gene sequencing to accurately detect infection, simulating the physical behavior of COVID-19, using AI to generate potential drug candidates, fusing physics simulation and AI to do virtual screening, to using AI to accelerate lab screening by automating the analysis of cell images so millions of experiments can be run each week. The pandemic was a tragedy, but we didn't let it go to waste. The world's scientific and healthcare community is in a race against time, armed with the latest technologies to do in months what previously took years. These new accelerated methods will profoundly impact the pace of drug discovery for all diseases. We may have advanced science a decade in the past year. COVID-19 will not be the last killer virus, but will hopefully be the last pandemic. Next time, the world will be better prepared. NVIDIA GPU computers and NVIDIA Clara, with our suite of imaging, atomic and quantum physics simulations, and genomereading AI libraries, is our computational defense system that lets the world respond at the speed of light. Our work this year is set in the context of the powerful forces shaping the computer industry. These forces, which will influence every industry in the future, will shape the world. ACCELERATED COMPUTING IS THE PATH FORWARD NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing, which supercharges computationally intensive applications like computer graphics, scientific computing, AI, and robotics. We accomplish this with a special processor and full-stack computer science that reinvents chips and systems, system software, and applications. Our work spans the largest cloud data centers to tiny autonomous machines. Our dedication to accelerated computing has built a community of more than 2.5 million researchers and developers, nearly 8,000 AI startups, and all major IT platform leaders. Developers have downloaded CUDA and NVIDIA AI software over 24 million times. What developers do on NVIDIA is extraordinary, tackling society's greatest challenges and inventing a future that is impossible otherwise. It gives us profound joy to supercharge their work. RTX RESETS COMPUTER GRAPHICS Computer graphics is the driving force of our company. At its core, computer graphics is about simulations—using mathematics and computer science to simulate the interaction of light and materials; the physics of objects, particles, and waves; and now simulating intelligence and animation. The science, engineering, and artistry that we dedicate to simulate mother nature's physics have led to incredible advances. In simplistic terms, NVIDIA GPU processing has increased 100,000-fold in 25 years and has allowed us to advance the basic sciences, the arts, and the world's industries. Last year, we introduced the second generation of NVIDIA RTX—a new rendering approach that fuses rasterization and programmable shading with hardwareaccelerated ray tracing and AI. The culmination of 10 years of research, RTX has reset computer graphics. Real-time ray tracing has arrived. RTX is a home run—our most successful GPU generation ever. Demand for the GeForce 30 Series is incredible, driving our gaming business to grow over 40 percent this year. We are at the outset of the biggest upgrade cycle of our user base since we invented the GPU two decades ago. And it's just getting started. More than 85 percent of our GeForce installed base has yet to upgrade to RTX. THE NEW UNIT OF COMPUTING We completed the acquisition of Mellanox and combined our companies during the shutdown. The teams have melded incredibly well. The combination of NVIDIA and Mellanox has expanded the scope of our vision and positioned us to help rearchitect the data center. For decades, we considered the CPU the basic unit of computing. The rise of cloud computing and AI services is driving fundamental changes in computer architecture. Hyperscale applications are composed of microservices and run across the entire data center as if it’s one computer—the data center is a new unit of computing. Data center-scale applications require computer architects to optimize across all three fundamental processors: the CPU for general-purpose computing, the GPU for accelerated computing, and the DPU, or data processing unit. An evolution of the networking chip, the DPU is programmable and processes the rapidly growing body of software that runs in data center infrastructure, such as virtualization, networking, storage, and security. NVIDIA pioneered GPU computing. Building on Mellanox’s world-class networking chip, we are pioneering the DPU. An estimated one-third of the CPUs in a data center are processing infrastructure software. With NVIDIA BlueField DPUs, we can offload and accelerate the infrastructure, increase performance and security, and free up a third of the CPUs for applications. During the year, we announced the BlueField-2 DPU, our data center infrastructure on a chip. It's a breakthrough in high-performance networking, storage, and security. In a large-scale data center, a single DPU can offload 200 CPU cores. Developers can use the NVIDIA DOCA SDK—the DPU equivalent to our CUDA SDK for GPUs—to easily create high-performance, software-defined, cloud-native applications and services for BlueField-2. In September, we announced an agreement to acquire Arm for $40 billion to create the world's premier computing company. Arm is the world's most popular CPU. They were first a breakout provider for the mobile market and have since expanded into new markets, including PCs, cloud, and high performance computing. They have an excellent business model. With NVIDIA's AI capabilities, we can enhance Arm's offering in mobile and embedded, build a thriving ecosystem, and advance computing from the cloud, smartphones, PCs, self-driving cars, robotics, and edge IoT. Together, we have the opportunity to provide greater choice in the data center ecosystem. When we announced the acquisition, we estimated the regulatory review process would take approximately 18 months, and it's moving forward as expected. We're confident that regulators will see the benefits to the entire tech ecosystem. NVIDIA INVENTS A COMPUTER FOR AI At the beginning of the big bang of modern AI, we recognized the need to create a whole new kind of computer for a new way of developing software. Software will write software running on AI computers. The cornerstone of NVIDIA AI is the re-invention of the GPU to become Tensor Core GPUs. This year we surprised the industry with the advancement of the NVIDIA Ampere architecture. NVIDIA A100 is a 54-billion transistor marvel and the first universal data center GPU—a rocket engine for data analytics and scientific computing, AI training, and inference workloads. What used to be done by two or three GPUs is unified within one. The versatility gives data centers greater flexibility and utilization. Two new inventions came with the A100. The first is a numerical format called TensorFloat-32. It speeds up deep learning processing, so Ampere GPUs learn incredibly fast—20x faster than our previous generation Volta GPU. The second is Multi-Instance GPU (MIG) technology, which divides a single GPU into seven smaller instances. With processors growing larger, MIG provides another degree of versatility by letting services configure the computer with giant GPUs or many smaller ones. AI needs a whole new type of computer with new chips like the A100 Tensor Core GPU, new system architecture, new ways to network, new software, and new methodologies and tools. We've invested billions into this intuition, and it has proven helpful to the industry. It all comes together as DGX—a computer for AI. We offer DGX as a fully integrated system, as well as offer the components to the industry to create differentiated options. I am pleased to see so much AI research advancing because of DGX—top universities, research hospitals, telcos, banks, consumer products companies, carmakers, and aerospace companies. DGX helps their AI researchers—whose expertise is rare, scarce, and their work strategic. It is imperative to make sure they have the right instrument. If software is to be written by computers, companies with the best software engineers will need the best computers. Along with the new Ampere GPU, we unveiled the new DGX, the most powerful computer we've ever made. Powered by eight A100 GPUs, the DGX A100 replaces hundreds of CPU-based servers. The performance is incredible—five petaflops in a single box. AI – SOFTWARE THAT WRITES SOFTWARE We reinvented every layer of computing for AI. First, we invented Tensor Core GPUs and DGX. Then the suite of system software and acceleration libraries we call NVIDIA AI. Using NVIDIA AI, our world-class AI experts developed pre-trained AI frameworks that customers can customize for their applications. These are skills like computer vision, conversational AI, recommender systems, AI avatars, robotics, and autonomous vehicles. These AI skills are state of the art, trained to be used in production, and optimized for accuracy and performance. One example is our Jarvis conversational AI. It’s composed of a set of complex machine learning skills—speech recognition, language understanding, translation, and speech—that lets us carry on a conversation with an AI. Jarvis is trained on over a billion pages of text and can recognize speech at world-class 90 percent accuracy. Jarvis responds interactively and can run anywhere there is NVIDIA. Another is our Merlin recommender system which learns our explicit and implicit preferences to suggest a new restaurant, movie, or song we might like based on what we've enjoyed before. Recommender systems are the personalization engines of the internet, filtering trillions of items to present the ones most relevant to you. It is the economic engine of internet services. And it is one of the largest computing infrastructures of most internet companies. NVIDIA Merlin simplifies the effort to build a state-of-the-art recommender system. THE FOUR WAVES OF AI AI—computers automating intelligence—is the most powerful technology force of our time. We see AI in four waves. The first was to reinvent computing for this new way of doing software. The second came as internet companies deployed AI in the cloud. AI services recognize our speech, understand our meaning, and make recommendations. The next wave is enterprise and the industrial edge. AI will revolutionize the world's largest industries—manufacturing, logistics, agriculture, healthcare, financial services, transportation. Companies are integrating 5G, AI, and autonomous machines to create smart services. It's the smartphone moment for the world's industries. Let me give you some examples of AI at the industrial edge. > Artisight uses NVIDIA AI to create an AI nurse assistant that continuously watches over patients, converses with patients, and alerts nurses if it sees a patient has fallen. > USPS uses NVIDIA AI to recognize features on a package as it flies by on a conveyor belt to sort 20 million packages a day. RecyclEye uses NVIDIA AI to recognize and sort items in a recycling plant. > Datamonsters uses NVIDIA AI to find packaging defects on high-velocity conveyor belts. > Everseen uses NVIDIA AI to do fast and error-free checkout for Kroger, the largest supermarket chain in the U.S. Someday, the industrial edge will be trillions of sensors streaming continuous data to AI systems that automate tasks impossible just a few years ago. EVERYTHING THAT MOVES WILL BE AUTONOMOUS Autonomous systems are the fourth wave. Self-driving cars are iconic examples. Everything that moves will someday be autonomous machines that perceive their environment, reason, plan, and act. Whether it's a robot assisting a factory worker or an autonomous car on the road, each has to make split-second decisions to do its job safely. The computation required is enormous, the software is complex, and safety and security are vital. For robotics, our platform is NVIDIA Isaac, and for self-driving cars, we have NVIDIA DRIVE. The world drives 10 trillion miles a year. At a few dollars per mile, transportation—moving people and things—is one of the largest industries. DRIVE is an end-to-end AI system—from the robotic processors and computers, sensor architecture, data processing, mapping, developing the driving software, creating the simulator and digital twin, fleet command operations, to road testing—all of it to the highest functional safety and cybersecurity standards. Our new system-on-a-chip NVIDIA Orin will provide the immense compute demands inside the car. Orin is one of our greatest design feats. It's based on the NVIDIA Ampere architecture and can deliver 254 trillion operations per second to scale from driver assistance to fully autonomous robotaxis. Mercedes-Benz, Volvo, and SAIC have chosen Orin for their next-generation cars, as have electric vehicle startups like Nio, XPeng, Li Auto, IM Motors, and Faraday Future. Robotaxi leaders Cruise, Amazon Zoox, Oxbotica, Pony.AI, AutoX, and Didi; and autonomous trucking companies TuSimple, Volvo, Navistar, Plus, Einride, and Locomotion have also selected NVIDIA DRIVE. This year, we announced that Mercedes has chosen NVIDIA to build the world's most advanced cars. Starting in 2024, the entire Mercedes-Benz fleet will be powered by NVIDIA DRIVE—utilizing NVIDIA's end-toend platform to offer autonomous driving software and services. Powered by NVIDIA AI, robotics will help every industry achieve new levels of productivity. John Deere built agriculture machines that "see and spray" to reduce chemical and herbicide use. Postmates uses delivery robots for last-mile food and grocery deliveries as the e-commerce trend booms. Plus One Robotics robots are used by FedEx to sort all kinds of packages at 1,300 packages per hour, helping FedEx deal with the exponential increase in e-commerce volume. Dole uses FarmWise Labs robots to remove weeds mechanically, eliminating the need for chemical herbicides. The machine covers up to 20 acres a day and uses models trained on over 20 million images of crops. AI is the engine of the fourth industrial revolution. NVIDIA OMNIVERSE – VIRTUAL WORLDS WHERE ROBOTS LEARN Thousands of companies are developing robots that perform repetitive tasks, dangerous tasks, or impossible-for-human tasks and work beside people to amplify our productivity. Training robots is problematic in the physical world. We need a virtual world that appears and behaves like our actual world so that robots can learn skills. This simulated virtual world will demand the most advanced graphics, physics simulation, and AI running on superfast computers. NVIDIA Omniverse is a virtual world simulator that is physically accurate. Unlike a game or movie, Omniverse is a real-time simulation. And though beautiful, Omniverse is not art, but pure science. One application of Omniverse is to create digital twins. Let’s use manufacturing as an example. In Omniverse, we will build virtual factories, train robots, and simulate the entire plant in operation. The actual and virtual factory will run in parallel. Inside Omniverse will be the digital twin, monitoring, tracking, and exploring ways to improve factory productivity. Digital twins will be needed for robotics, such as self-driving cars, surgical robots, and robotic warehouses. Omniverse is one of our most important initiatives. You are going to see a lot more of Omniverse. BUILDING A UNIQUE COMPANY We had an incredible year. I often say that we are "30 days from going out of business." True or not, I've believed this since our founding. Relevance and growth are not the natural state of any company—the opposite is. So, we must work to stay relevant, fight the gravity of goodenough, and seek the extraordinary. It's a struggle—easy for no one. But it is a struggle we love. Our company lives by a few principles: > Build a company that attracts the world's best people in our field, giving them a place to do their life's work, where they can build a great life, and promising never to squander their talents. > Do the really hard things that no one has done, and in the event that we do it, will move the needle for society. > Do things that we are uniquely built to do. > Do things that bring us incredible joy as the journey will be paved with failure and suffering. If we do these things, we will build a special company that makes unique and meaningful contributions to the world. We were true to our values, we did great work, and in these ways, we had an incredible year. I want to thank all the NVIDIA families, who could work anywhere but volunteered to be with us in this great adventure we call NVIDIA.

Jensen Huang 

CEO and Founder
