Rising Above the Challenges of 2020 The COVID-19 pandemic caused devastating human and economic harm in 2020. One of Old Republic’s initial actions was the swift rollout of technology so most of our more than 9,400 associates could work remotely. Our associates rose above the personal and professional obstacles to meet the ongoing needs of our businesses, our customers and other important stakeholders. We are grateful to all of them for their dedication to delivering our products and services with excellence, and without disruption, throughout 2020. Despite the adversity we all faced, Old Republic’s consolidated pretax income, excluding investment gains or losses, reached an all-time high of $830.4 million. This was a 21% increase over the prior record of $686.2 million in 2019. Our General Insurance business contributed a new high of $439.8 million, while our Title Insurance business added a record $344.0 million. Shareholders’ equity grew from $6,000.1 million at the end of 2019 to $6,186.6 million at year-end 2020, after total cash dividends of $547.5 million. Comparative Financial Performance Per Share We strive to be transparent when measuring our financial results. To do this, we report the overall and per share financial performance by excluding realized and unrealized investment gains or losses. These gains or losses result from: 1) highly discretionary and randomly occurring actual sales transactions; or, 2) the price volatility of the securities market, over which we have no control. On this basis, we reported net income per diluted share of $2.24 in 2020, 22% higher than the $1.84 in 2019. Shareholders’ equity per share rose to $20.75 at year-end 2020 from $19.98 at year-end 2019. Ending shareholders’ equity is mostly the result of accumulated earnings, realized and unrealized investment gains or losses, and after cash dividends, including special dividends of $1.00 per share in 2020, 2019 and 2017. We also gauge our financial performance by our total book value return per share. We calculate it by combining the annual change in book value per share with annual cash dividends per share. This resulted in a 13.1% return in 2020. Our total market return per share, calculated by combining the change in the yearover-year price of our common shares with annual cash dividends per share, was -7.7% in 2020; a result of the adverse effects of the pandemic on the market price of our shares, and incongruent with our strong operating performance. The table at the end of this letter shows those returns alongside three economic growth and market indicators since ORI’s emergence as a publicly held insurance holding company 53 years ago. This illustrates how our long-term performance compares very favorably with those benchmarks. We are confident the long-term strategy for our diversified insurance business will continue our record of competitive, value-creating financial performance in the long run. Consolidated Operations Show Continued Strength The table on the next page shows an array of operating data arranged in 11 sections. We believe the information in sections A to G and at J highlights the most meaningful indicators of the basic segmented and consolidated operating results of our business, underscoring solid performance in two key areas: • Underwriting operations dedicated to providing long-term, reliably consistent insurance and related services to meet the needs of a variety of businesses, individuals, and public institutions • Solid investment management of the combined capital and underwriting cash flows provided by our insurance and related services operations Underwriting and related services income for Old Republic’s actively managed business totaled $440.5 million in 2020. This represented a 68% increase from $262.8 million in 2019. As the next table shows, the margins for our actively managed business improved from 4.2% in 2019 to 6.5% in 2020. The General Insurance margin rose from 2.5% in 2019 to 4.5% in 2020, while the Title Insurance margin grew from 7.1% in 2019 to 9.3% in 2020. General Insurance net premiums and other income was down 1.1%. A decline in Workers’ Compensation premium was the main cause. That occurred as the pandemic decreased economic activity, which resulted in lower payroll exposures. Other lines of coverage helped offset this reduction, supported by strong premium rate increases and continued new business production. As the next table shows, claim ratios have trended down during the past several years. The improvement in 2020 came from favorable claim reserve development from prior periods (-0.8%) and a slightly lower current period claim provision (70.7%). This produced a reported claim ratio of 69.9% for 2020. Annual claim ratios and trends may not be particularly meaningful indicators of future outcomes. That is because we have a liability-oriented mix of business, with relatively long claim payment patterns. Absent significant economic or insurance industry dislocations, we target claim ratio averages in the high 60% to low 70% range. The next table shows the combined ratios for the past several years, including the improved combined ratio of 95.5% in 2020. Each year’s expense ratio typically reflects the product mix, and the variability of sales and general expenses among various lines of coverage. Assuming the current mix, we target expense ratio averages of 25% or below, and a combined ratio between 90% and 95%. We remain optimistic about the continued progress of the General Insurance business. Our long-term strategy aims to increase revenues at a faster growth rate than that of nominal gross domestic product (GDP) over 5 to 10-year cycles. We aim to do this through the organic growth of our business, new ventures, selective acquisitions, and new products and distribution channels. ix Title Insurance net premiums and other income rose 20.1% in 2020. Low interest rates and a favorable real estate market facilitated the exceptional increase. The ingenuity and dedication of our Title Insurance associates contributed to strong growth. Our associates found safe and innovative ways to provide uninterrupted service. This included conducting real estate settlement transactions via no-contact, curbside and drive-up closings. They also expanded the use of our technologies such as eClosings, remote online notarizations (RON), and remote ink-signed notarizations (RIN). As the next table shows, the improvement in the 2020 claim ratio came from favorable claim reserve development from prior periods (-1.3%) and a slightly lower current period claim provision (3.6%). This produced a reported claim ratio of 2.3% for 2020. The next table shows the combined ratios for the past several years. The drop in the 2020 expense ratio largely reflected revenues outpacing expenses during the aforementioned period of exceptional growth, and was primarily responsible for the stronger combined ratio. Our Title Insurance business model is based on mitigating and preventing losses rather than assuming significant underwriting risks. Loss prevention is driven at the front-end of a transaction, led by professionals trained in real estate law who do extensive searches of historical real estate transfers. Expenses incurred to achieve these objectives are booked when a title insurance policy and related services are first provided. As a result, upfront costs are much higher for title insurance when compared with other types of insurance, but for those reasons claim costs are lower. General Insurance and Title Insurance complement one another exceptionally well under the ORI umbrella. Both focus on providing specialized insurance coverages, products and related services to key industries in the North American economy. The customer base for each requires an insurance provider with strong financial ratings that are predicated on a strong balance sheet. General Insurance and Title Insurance share critical complementary enterprise risk management attributes. These include: counter-cyclical industries, tax planning strategies, and capital management allocations. General Insurance and Title Insurance are also firmly tied together within ORI’s culture. RFIG Run-Off is now entirely represented by RMIC’s mortgage guaranty coverages, which in 2020 produced $9.8 million of pretax income, excluding investment gains or losses, down from $29.2 million in 2019. The difference was primarily the result of the pandemic’s economic impact on employment levels. While in the short-term profitability may improve as the economy and employment levels rebound, in the long-term we expect profitability to decline as premium revenues drop in tandem with the anticipated reduction of insurance risk in-force. At the end of 2020, the business had shareholders’ equity of $445.8 million. We continue to have economically sound options for the future of this business, including: 1) holding onto the RMIC enterprise, running-off the book of business through extinction, and with regulatory approval gradually reducing the capital balance; or, 2) selling the RMIC enterprise, including its valuable operating infrastructure, to a qualified cash buyer interested in its reactivation. Consolidated investment income declined 2.6% for the year compared with growth of 4.4% in 2019. This reflected lower investment yields that offset the ongoing moderate growth in the investment portfolio. At yearend 2020, approximately 73% of the fair-valued investment portfolio of $15.3 billion was allocated to fixedmaturity and short-term investments. The remaining 27% was invested in common stocks. On a cost basis, which does not account for unrealized gains or losses, the allocation was 76% and 24%, respectively. Our total investment portfolio stems from three sources: • Funds obtained from our debt holders, which are directed to our insurance subsidiaries’ capital and reinvested in bonds and stocks • Shareholders’ paid-in capital and retained earnings balances, which are largely committed to our insurance subsidiaries to support their underwriting exposures and growth prospects • Cumulative cash flows produced by our insurance subsidiaries’ underwriting/services operations that, after meeting current operating liquidity needs, are similarly invested We estimate 42% of the total fixed-maturity, common stock, and cash equivalent investments for 2020 came from the combination of tangible shareholders’ equity and outstanding debt. The remaining 58% was attributable to underwriting/services operations. This provides for an allocation of annual investment income to each source, and underscores the nature our operating income. The next table shows, on average, 79% of consolidated pretax operating income was generated by our underwriting/services operations. The other 21% came from the investment of tangible shareholders’ equity and outstanding debt. The next table shows three key items: 1) the relationship between income from interest and dividends; 2) the contribution each made as a percent of net investment income; and, 3) the latter’s proportion to each of underwriting/services and consolidated pretax operating income. The size of our fixed-maturity security portfolio has trended upward over the past several years. It forms the anchor for our insurance subsidiaries’ obligations to policyholders and their beneficiaries. The maturities are stratified and conservatively matched to the expected timing of paying those obligations in the future. In recent years, a significant portion of our investable funds has been directed toward high-quality common shares of U.S. companies (limited to fewer than 100 issues at year-end 2020). We favor those with long-term records of reasonable earnings growth and steadily increasing dividends. Dividends from equity securities have been an important source of investment income. Realized gains from actual transactions always provide a welcome addition to overall results. However, our investment management process remains focused on assembling a quality investment portfolio that produces consistent and growing streams of investment income. We perform regular stress tests of the equities portfolio to gain reasonable assurance that periodic downdrafts in market prices will not seriously undermine our financial strength and the long-term continuity and prospects of our insurance underwriting business. From 2015 to 2020, realized gains in the investment portfolio have averaged $80.8 million per year. This represented 16.2% of their combination with net investment income. During the same period, net unrealized investment gains from all sources averaged $135.5 million per year. We keep enterprise-wide risk management objectives in mind when structuring the overall securities portfolio. Our principal aim is twofold. First, to help ensure solid funding of our insurance subsidiaries’ long-term obligations to assureds and other beneficiaries. Second, to assist in the growth and long-term stability of our subsidiaries’ capital accounts. For these reasons, the portfolio contains no significant exposure to collateralized debt obligations (CDOs), derivatives, hybrid, hedge fund, private-equity securities with limited liquidity, or other securities with values largely based on non-regulated financial instruments. We consider our all-weather investment portfolio to be of high quality and marketability. It is structured to be responsible in meeting the liquidity needs of the business as insurance underwriting and other obligations come due. Evaluating 2020’s Performance in View of Our Long-Term Business Strategy Our long-term strategy is designed to create value for all stakeholders in a thoughtful, balanced manner. Our General Insurance and Title Insurance businesses focus on meeting the insurance and related services needs of key industries that are at the core of the North American economy. Old Republic’s long-term underwriting success is most significantly due to its long history of specializing in these cyclically heterogeneous industries. The table on the next page shows that an average of 91% of consolidated premium and fee revenue comes from three industry groupings. These account for nearly 55% of the GDP economic activity. The insurance underwriting and related services we offer in all of these industry groupings are necessary and often mandated. Our customers provide products and services that are relevant to the economy and society. By concentrating on industries we know well, we assist them with our broad and deep competencies as insurance risk takers and managers. In return, they enable our continued organic growth and underwriting profitability over industry and economic cycles, which is at the heart of our long-term business strategy. One important way we achieve this strategy is through the conservative, long-term management of Old Republic’s balance sheet. Maintaining a strong financial position gives us the ability to: • Support our subsidiaries’ ongoing risk taking and resulting obligations to policyholders and buyers of related services • Enable our subsidiaries to remain resilient in the face of recurring market challenges, adhering to pricing integrity and underwriting standards, and shying away from existing or new business with poor prospects of sustainable profitability • Moderate our debt leverage to better ensure control of our destiny • Retain enough liquidity to address unforeseen contingencies • Provide consistent distribution of a portion of our earnings through dividends to all shareholders We enter a new year in a strong position: • The balance sheet is solid • We have a strong, high-quality, permanent capital base • Our people have significant intellectual capital and are dedicated to our mission • We have high business retention rates from a loyal and growing customer base Our commitment is to do things right in any market environment. We continuously seek opportunities to gain market share from organic growth and new ventures to expand our North American footprint. Our management approach continues to encourage our people to remain focused on the dynamics of a highly competitive insurance marketplace, and to remember the underwriting lessons of the past. As can be seen on the final two pages, the results of this focus speak for themselves by benefiting our stakeholders in the long run. Respectfully submitted on behalf of the Board of Directors, 

Craig R. Smiddy

President and Chief Executive Officer
