To Our Shareholders

PACCAR had a very good year in 2021, generating strong revenues and profits. Revenues were $23.52 billion and net income of $1.85 billion was the third highest in the company’s history, with an after-tax return on revenue of 7.9%. PACCAR has earned an annual net income for 83 consecutive years. PACCAR’s financial results reflect the company’s premium-quality trucks, powertrains, aftermarket parts business, financial services and technology leadership. I am very proud of PACCAR’s employees who delivered industry leading quality, innovation and efficiency in a year where they maintained excellent health protocols during the global pandemic and provided consistent production and customer aftermarket support despite supply base challenges. PACCAR’s financial strength enabled the company to invest $836 million in capital projects and research and development that launched the largest number of new truck models in its history, enhanced its manufacturing capability, expanded its range of engines, developed advanced vehicle technologies and strengthened its aftermarket transportation solutions. In 2021, DAF introduced a new range of heavy-duty trucks in Europe that were recognized as “International Truck of the Year 2022” and Kenworth and Peterbilt introduced exciting new heavy- and medium-duty trucks in North America. PACCAR Parts achieved record sales of $4.94 billion and record pre-tax profits of $1.10 billion. PACCAR’s A+/A1 credit rating supported PACCAR Financial Services’ record pre-tax profits of $437.6 million, including $5.67 billion of new loan and lease volume. PACCAR continues to develop industry leading advanced vehicle technologies in the areas of zero emissions, autonomous vehicles and connected services. PACCAR’s strong financial performance generated industry leading after-tax return on beginning stockholders’ equity of 17.8% in 2021. Year-end stockholders’ equity was a record $11.44 billion. PACCAR’s financial performance has enabled the company to declare $8.0 billion in dividends during the last ten years. INVESTING FOR THE FUTURE — PACCAR’s consistently strong profits and balance sheet have allowed the company to invest $7.3 billion in capital projects and research and development over the last decade. These investments have supported the creation of advanced new vehicle models, new manufacturing and distribution facilities and innovative technologies. PACCAR’s investments create transportation solutions that provide our customers the highest levels of quality, safety and reliability as well as the lowest total cost of operation. In 2021, capital investments were $511.8 million and research and development expenses were $324.1 million. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF’s new truck models are being produced with state-of-the-art manufacturing equipment, including a new robotic paint facility at Kenworth’s Chillicothe, Ohio factory, a new robotic build cell at Peterbilt’s Denton, Texas factory and new cab build and cab trim factories at DAF’s facility in Westerlo, Belgium. Kenworth and Peterbilt have installed 283,000 PACCAR engines and engine manufacturing capacity was increased in the company’s Columbus, Mississippi engine factory. PACCAR made excellent progress in the development of its proprietary autonomous vehicle platform and advanced its partnership with Aurora Innovation to commercialize autonomous vehicles. Peterbilt, Kenworth and DAF trucks have industry leading connected services that provide valuable vehicle performance data to our customers and provide PACCAR with an increasing stream of recurring revenue. PACCAR is a leader in the development of battery-electric, hybrid, hydrogen combustion and hydrogen fuel cell vehicles. Kenworth, Peterbilt and DAF delivered battery-electric trucks to customers in 2021 and have seven zero emissions vehicle models in production with a backlog of hundreds of customer orders. PACCAR Parts launched turn-key electric vehicle charging solutions for customers and sold over 100 chargers. PACCAR worked with the Department of Energy and received a $33 million grant for zero emissions technology development in 2021. DAF continued its leadership in powertrain development and earned the prestigious “2022 Truck Innovation Award” for its hydrogen combustion engines. In support of the majority of PACCAR’s development activities, PACCAR’s three global embedded software development centers located in the U.S., Europe and India are providing proprietary, customer-focused solutions for all parts of the business. CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT — Six Sigma, data analytics, machine learning, Industry 4.0 and lean process development are integrated into all business activities at PACCAR as well as its suppliers, dealers and customers. These tools help to continuously enhance the creation of state-of-the-art new product designs, customer services and manufacturing processes. Thousands of PACCAR employees have been trained in the use of these tools which have delivered billions of dollars in savings in all areas of the company. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY — PACCAR’s Information Technology Division (ITD) is an industry leader in innovative digital technology solutions that enhance the quality of PACCAR business processes and products. These solutions provide secure, customized products for customers, dealers and suppliers. In 2021, PACCAR launched its state-of-the-art connected services platform, PACCAR Connect, to help customers optimize vehicle performance. This configurable system consists of proprietary hardware and software that provide robust data security, over-the-air (OTA) software updates and advanced fleet management tools, while enabling customers to cost effectively integrate their existing fleet management systems and applications. PACCAR began installing PACCAR Connect on DAF XF, XG and XG+ trucks in October 2021. The ITD team maintains a rigorous focus on ensuring PACCAR’s leadership in vehicle and infrastructure cyber security. TRUCKS — U.S. and Canadian Class 8 truck industry retail sales in 2021 were 250,000 units and the Mexican market totaled 19,900 units. PACCAR delivered 162,700 trucks in 2021 as customers generated good profits due to strong freight tonnage. European industry 16+ tonne truck registrations were 278,000 units. PACCAR’s Class 8 retail sales share in the U.S. and Canada was 29.2% compared to 30.1% a year earlier, while DAF’s market share was 15.9% in the 16+ tonne truck market in Europe. Industry Class 6 and 7 truck retail sales in the U.S. and Canada were 83,700 units. The European 6 to 16-tonne market was 41,400 units. PACCAR’s market share in the U.S. and Canada medium-duty truck segment was 19.8% compared to 22.6% in 2020. DAF’s share of the European medium-duty truck market was 10.1% in 2021 compared to 9.5% in 2020. PACCAR delivered 26,300 medium-duty trucks to its customers in 2021. PACCAR Mexico had industry leading heavy-duty market share of 35.9%. PACCAR Mexico began battery-electric vehicle production, making Kenworth the first manufacturer to produce battery-electric vehicles in Mexico. DAF Brasil had record 16+ tonne market share of 5.7% in 2021. DAF Brasil’s Ponta Grossa assembly plant produced a record 6,300 trucks, increasing the total number of DAF trucks operating in Brasil to more than 18,300 vehicles since the DAF factory opened in 2014. PACCAR Australia had a record year with combined Kenworth and DAF heavy-duty market share increasing to 27.1% from 24.5% in 2020. In 2021, PACCAR Australia celebrated its 50th anniversary of manufacturing market leading Kenworth trucks in Australia. A tremendous team effort by the company’s employees and dealer network contributed to industry leading truck, parts and other gross margins of 12.5%. A combination of new technology, process improvements, data analytics and collaboration with suppliers enabled PACCAR facilities to establish records for factory and distribution center safety and quality PACCAR continues to be a leader in diversity and inclusion and PACCAR was recognized as a top workplace for women by the Women in Trucking Association for the fourth consecutive year. PACCAR’s innovation and manufacturing expertise continued to be recognized as the industry leader in 2021. Kenworth and Peterbilt earned five “Manufacturing Leadership Awards” from the National Association of Manufacturers. The Kenworth T680 was awarded the “SmartWay” designation by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for its efficient aerodynamic design. The DAF XF truck earned the “Fleet Truck of The Year” award for the third consecutive year in the U.K. The new DAF XF, XG and XG+ trucks earned the prestigious “International Truck of the Year 2022” and the DAF XF hydrogen combustion vehicle earned the “2022 Truck Innovation Award.” PACCAR PARTS — PACCAR Parts increased revenues by 26% to a record $4.94 billion and achieved record pre-tax profits of $1.10 billion as dealers and customers benefited from innovative e-commerce platforms and global fleet service programs that offer online purchasing, national pricing and centralized billing. PACCAR Parts is the primary source for aftermarket parts and services for PACCAR vehicles and supplies its TRP-branded parts for all makes of trucks, trailers and buses. PACCAR dealers expanded TRP aftermarket parts retail stores to 254 locations in 40 countries. Over seven million heavy-duty trucks operate in North America and Europe. This large vehicle parc and the growing number of PACCAR MX engines installed in Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks in North America create excellent demand for parts and service and moderate the cyclicality of truck sales. To further enhance its logistics performance to dealers, PACCAR Parts is constructing a new parts distribution center in Louisville, Kentucky that is scheduled to open in 2022. FINANCIAL SERVICES — PACCAR Financial Services’ (PFS) conservative business approach, coupled with PACCAR’s superb credit rating of A+/A1 and the strength of the dealer network, enabled PFS to set a pre-tax profit record of $437.6 million, up from $223.1 million in 2020. PACCAR issued $1.97 billion in medium-term notes at attractive rates during the year. PFS has operations covering 26 countries on four continents. The global breadth of PFS and its rigorous credit application process support a portfolio of 204,000 trucks and trailers, with total assets of $15.42 billion. PACCAR Financial and PACCAR Leasing are the preferred funding sources for DAF, Peterbilt and Kenworth trucks in the markets where PFS operates. PFS has twelve strategically located used truck centers and is currently completing a new facility in Madrid, Spain. PFS successfully increased the number of premium DAF, Kenworth and Peterbilt used trucks sold from 19,800 in 2020 to a record 20,700 in 2021. PACCAR Leasing (PacLease) is one of the largest full-service truck rental and leasing operations in North America, Germany and Australia. PacLease placed nearly 5,700 new PACCAR vehicles in service. The PacLease fleet consisted of over 38,600 vehicles at the end of 2021. PacLease supports PACCAR’s zero emissions vehicle sales growth by offering customers the opportunity to rent or lease battery-electric trucks and battery chargers. ENVIRONMENTAL LEADERSHIP — PACCAR is a global environmental leader. PACCAR discloses its comprehensive sustainability program to the environmental reporting firm CDP, which evaluates and scores companies on how effectively they are addressing climate change and the environment. PACCAR earned the highest rating of an “A” score in 2021, which places it in the top 200 of over 13,000 reporting companies from around the world. For the past seven years, PACCAR has earned an “A” or “A-” score. PACCAR, in partnership with the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi), has committed to emissions reductions from the use of its products by 25 percent and from internal operations by 35 percent by 2030. PACCAR’s manufacturing facilities have earned ISO 14001 environmental certification and continued to enhance their zero-waste-to-landfill programs during the year. A LOOK AHEAD — PACCAR employees enable the company to distinguish itself as a global leader in trucks, technology, financial services and the aftermarket parts business. PACCAR’s industry leading health protocols provide a safe working environment for employees during the pandemic. While truck markets may be impacted by global supply base constraints, PACCAR’s strong internal processes, engineering capabilities and relationships with suppliers are enabling it to generate excellent results. The economic outlook for 2022 is for GDP growth of 3-5% in North and South America and Europe. The U.S. and Canada Class 8 truck market in 2022 is projected to increase and be in the range of 250,000–290,000 vehicles. Retail sales for Class 6-7 trucks are expected to be between 75,000–85,000 vehicles. The European truck market is forecast to strengthen in 2022 with 16+ tonne vehicle registrations in the range of 260,000–300,000 vehicles and medium-duty trucks in the range of 45,000–50,000 units. PACCAR Parts’ best-in-class technology and services, the large vehicle parc and strong freight demand in North America and Europe are expected to provide increased parts deliveries in the company’s aftermarket parts business. PACCAR Financial is expected to continue to perform well due to its strong market share performance, excellent used truck business and growing economies. PACCAR provides the industry’s most desirable and efficient vehicles, operates modern high technology factories and delivers superb customer service in parts and financial services. PACCAR is investing in the development of aerodynamic trucks, zero emissions and clean diesel powertrains, advanced driver assistance systems, autonomous driving technologies, next generation truck connectivity and data analytics. These capabilities and investments provide a clear path to future success. PACCAR is well positioned and committed to generating outstanding results for its customers and shareholders.



Preston Feight 

Chief Executive Officer
