Dear Shareowners

As we look back at 2021, we have much to be proud of over the last year. While the global pandemic persisted, our people continued to serve our customers, continued to innovate and, just as importantly, continued to contribute to our communities. Our 2021 financial performance confirms the merits of our merger and the underlying strength of our company. Beyond our financial success, we are transforming the organization to lead the way toward a more sustainable future while solving our customers’ most difficult challenges.

Financial highlights 

In 2021, Raytheon Technologies had net sales of $64.4 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $4.27, driven by continued demand for our defense products and services and our ability to capitalize on the commercial aerospace recovery. We spent $7.2 billion on research and development, of which $2.7  billion was company funded as we continue to invest in technology and innovation. We generated $7.1 billion in cash flow from operations and invested $2.1 billion in capital expenditures to fund future organic growth, resulting in $5 billion in free cash flow. In fact, we exceeded our January 2021 expectations on adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow. We continued to focus on cost reduction, achieving about $760 million in merger-related gross cost synergies. These bring our total synergies to about $1 billion since the merger, reaching our original commitment two years ahead of plan. In addition, Collins Aerospace met its $600 million gross acquisition cost-synergy target a year ahead of plan. Our financial strength gave us the confidence to increase our post-merger shareowner return commitments. We expect to return at least $20 billion in capital in the four years following the merger. We returned $5.3 billion to shareowners in 2021 through dividends and share repurchases, bringing our capital return merger-to-date to $7.4 billion. And in 2021, our board increased our dividend and authorized the repurchase of up to $6 billion of our common stock, positioning us to continue returning significant capital to shareowners. 

Succeeding in a COVID-19 environment 

We did all of this while continuing to work through a pandemic that has had a profound impact on our industry and our world. The health and safety of our employees remains our first priority, and I’m proud of our efforts across our enterprise to provide a safe and flexible work environment during this challenging time. In 2021, we took an additional critical step by implementing a vaccine mandate for our U.S.-based workforce to protect our employees and communities and to maintain our ability to meet our customers’ needs. I thank our employees deeply for their continued flexibility, patience and sacrifice amid so many challenges.

“We expect to return at least $20 billion in capital to shareowners in the four years following the merger.”



Gregory J. Hayes

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
