Dear Shareowners

As we look back at 2021, we have much to be proud of over the last year. While the global pandemic persisted, our people continued to serve our customers, continued to innovate and, just as importantly, continued to contribute to our communities. Our 2021 financial performance confirms the merits of our merger and the underlying strength of our company. Beyond our financial success, we are transforming the organization to lead the way toward a more sustainable future while solving our customers’ most difficult challenges.

Financial highlights In 2021, Raytheon Technologies had net sales of $64.4 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $4.27, driven by continued demand for our defense products and services and our ability to capitalize on the commercial aerospace recovery. We spent $7.2 billion on research and development, of which $2.7  billion was company funded as we continue to invest in technology and innovation. We generated $7.1 billion in cash flow from operations and invested $2.1 billion in capital expenditures to fund future organic growth, resulting in $5 billion in free cash flow. In fact, we exceeded our January 2021 expectations on adjusted earnings per share and free cash flow. We continued to focus on cost reduction, achieving about $760 million in merger-related gross cost synergies. These bring our total synergies to about $1 billion since the merger, reaching our original commitment two years ahead of plan. In addition, Collins Aerospace met its $600  million gross acquisition cost-synergy target a year ahead of plan. Our financial strength gave us the confidence to increase our post-merger shareowner return commitments. We expect to return at least $20 billion in capital in the four years following the merger. We returned $5.3 billion to shareowners in 2021 through dividends and share repurchases, bringing our capital return merger-to-date to $7.4 billion. And in 2021, our board increased our dividend and authorized the repurchase of up to $6 billion of our common stock, positioning us to continue returning significant capital to shareowners. Succeeding in a COVID-19 environment We did all of this while continuing to work through a pandemic that has had a profound impact on our industry and our world. The health and safety of our employees remains our first priority, and I’m proud of our efforts across our enterprise to provide a safe and flexible work environment during this challenging time. In 2021, we took an additional critical step by implementing a vaccine mandate for our U.S.-based workforce to protect our employees and communities and to maintain our ability to meet our customers’ needs. I thank our employees deeply for their continued flexibility, patience and sacrifice amid so many challenges.

Shaping the future of global defense and air travel As we look across Raytheon Technologies’ broad portfolio, we’ve identified three key areas prime for innovation: smarter defense systems; intelligent space technologies; and sustainable, more connected flight. We achieved successes in each of these areas in 2021 and see additional opportunities for advancement and transformation that will drive our company forward in the future. We continued to develop sophisticated defense systems to address our customers’ needs in a rapidly evolving environment. Raytheon Missiles & Defense (RMD), in partnership with Northrop Grumman, completed the first successful flight test of a scramjetpowered hypersonic weapon, which sustained speeds of Mach 5 or greater – five times the speed of sound. This capability is critical in responding to growing threats to the United States and its allies. RMD also began installation of the AN/SPY-6(V)1 radar it delivered last year to the U.S. Navy’s future USS Jack H. Lucas. This groundbreaking technology will enable Navy ships to see further and react more quickly to imminent threats. The Navy awarded Raytheon Intelligence & Space (RI&S) $419 million in contracts for its Next Generation Mid-Band Jammer, an important milestone that moves the program from development into production and deployment. The advanced electronic attack system denies, disrupts and degrades enemy technology, including air defense systems and communications. RI&S also received a $124  million contract from the U.S. Army to build three additional 50kW-class high-energy laser weapon systems, which will be mounted on Stryker combat vehicles that the Army plans to field in 2022. These systems will provide an efficient and cost-effective method of dealing with asymmetric threats as part of Army mobile short-range air defense missions. We continued to invest in space solutions that will help increase an understanding of our planet, advance our defense capabilities and create opportunities for greater civilian space exploration. RI&S’s Blackjack sensor, a low-Earth orbit satellite constellation program providing global coverage against advanced threats, passed a critical design review. This milestone puts it on track to meet the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency’s rapid delivery schedule. Collins, meanwhile, designed a next-generation spacesuit for astronauts on current International Space Station missions, future NASA Artemis missions to the moon, and commercial endeavors. Pratt & Whitney and Collins have each agreed to support the commercial aviation industry’s commitment to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050, and this year each made significant contributions toward that goal. During 2021, the Pratt & Whitney geared turbofan (GTF) engine worldwide fleet surpassed 11 million hours of flight operations since the program launch in 2016, which has saved airline customers 600 million gallons of fuel and avoided more than six  million metric tons of carbon emissions. The GTF engine has nearly 10,000 orders and commitments. Pratt & Whitney also announced its new GTF Advantage engine, which delivers higher thrust capability that will enable increased payload and range. It will be the world’s most fuel-efficient and sustainable single-aisle aircraft engine, delivering a 17% reduction in fuel consumption and CO2 emissions versus prior-generation engines like the V2500. It will also be compatible with 100% sustainable aviation fuels at entry into service. Additionally, Collins is collaborating with Pratt & Whitney and the governments of Quebec and Canada on a hybrid-electric propulsion flight demonstrator.

Focusing on operational excellence Striving for operational excellence will better serve our customers while generating margin expansion across our businesses. In 2021, we began to deploy our common operating system – known as CORE (customer-oriented results and excellence) – to enhance efficiency across the company through a shared vocabulary and methodology. By combining the best tools and processes of our legacy companies, we’ve developed a continuous improvement system that will enable us to reduce cost and create additional value for all stakeholders. We remain intent on reducing structural cost, and in 2021, increased our gross merger cost-synergy target from $1 billion to $1.5 billion. Our commitment to operational excellence is also reflected in our new facilities. In 2021, we opened an Advanced Integration and Manufacturing Center in McKinney, Texas, designed to fully incorporate digital transformation, including automated manufacturing tools and an ISO 7 clean room. Meanwhile, our new turbine airfoil production facility in Asheville, North Carolina  – scheduled to open in 2022 – will transform the manufacturing of this critical component, saving an estimated $175 million per year. Today, a single part for a turbine airfoil travels more than 2,500 miles with eight different site handoffs. When this facility is operational, the work will be done in one place, with zero handoffs. Digital transformation is occurring across the company, creating new ways to deliver, maintain and improve products quickly, reliably and efficiently. By 2023, we will consolidate our data centers by 60%, unify our networks and collaboration tools across the enterprise, and double our use of cloud computing. As a result of these efforts, we’ve already seen as much as a 30% reduction in product development and testing cycles. We’re also linking 20,000 pieces of manufacturing equipment to our networks to better understand and manage production at every turn, and we’re using machine learning and automation to enhance productivity and accelerate our path to market. Refining our portfolio We remain committed to refining our portfolio to focus on technology and innovation that meets our aerospace and defense customers’ needs. In 2021, we acquired FlightAware, a leading digital aviation company providing analytics, decision-making tools and global flight tracking solutions in support of airline operations. The acquisition will be part of Collins’ new Connected Aviation Solutions strategic business unit. It is an important part of Collins’ connected ecosystem strategy, linking data collection, analytics and aircraft systems to create smarter digital solutions.

We also acquired SEAKR Engineering, a leading supplier of advanced space electronics, including processors, networked systems, and digital channelizers and beamformers. Now part of RI&S, this business complements our 2020 acquisition of Blue Canyon Technologies, which gave us entry into the small-satellite bus market. We also completed the sale of Forcepoint and our Global Training and Services business. We are always seeking partners with whom we can break new barriers, and in 2021, we announced an agreement with IBM to establish advanced artificial intelligence, cryptographic and quantum solutions for the aerospace, defense and intelligence industries. Our expertise in those fields, combined with IBM’s nextgeneration technologies, will allow us to make rapid advances. Our commitment to our workforce, our communities and our world Advancing diversity, equity and inclusion (DE&I) is both a business and social imperative for us. Our commitment to DE&I centers on the success of our people, our company, our industry and our communities. Our plan focuses on enhancing workforce representation, improving community engagement, expanding supplier diversity and influencing public policy. To ensure accountability, we’ve linked DE&I goals – along with sustainability and safety goals – to executive performance evaluation and compensation. In addition to DE&I, we’ve made significant progress on many other environmental, social and governance (ESG) fronts. We released our first disclosure within the framework of the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board in 2021, and later in 2022, we will release a comprehensive ESG report, further detailing our progress and commitments in these areas.

Sustained progress ahead Throughout 2021, we remained focused on our critical goal: solving our customers’ most difficult problems with the highestquality, highest-value products and services. We did this despite a challenging environment, and we delivered on our financial commitments to investors. Looking ahead, we anticipate sustained progress across the entire company. As our defense business extends its steady growth, we are also positioned to further capitalize as commercial aviation travel continues to recover, though disparate vaccination rates and COVID-19 variants still pose risks. And I am confident that our investments in technology, innovation and operational excellence will continue to drive success far into the future. Thanks to our dedicated global team for persevering through another challenging year. And thank you to our shareowners for your continued trust in Raytheon Technologies as we strive for a safer, more connected world.

Gregory J. Hayes 

Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
