Dear Fellow Shareowners: The initial challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic accelerated Rockwell Automation's transformation in 2020 and we made great progress in building on and operationalizing changes in fiscal 2021. Across all three business segments, in sales and marketing, and through our other functional areas, we have picked up the pace to create a pure play industrial automation and information company unlike any other. Rockwell returned to growth this year, as automation of essential manufacturing processes helped the world recover. We stepped up investment in both internal development and acquisitions to expand our value in new industries and applications. Additional investments underscored our commitment to our people, who remain the foundation of our success. The outlook for 2022 is exciting, as high backlog, continued strong orders, and very good execution give us confidence in our forecast. Continued very low order cancellation rates and direct line of sight to end customer projects validate the durability of this demand, and continued supply chain challenges are prudently embedded in even the top end of our guidance range. Our mid- and long-term differentiation is strengthened by the growing capabilities of our management team, important new product releases showcased at our Automation Fair last month, and an evolving partner eco-system that is recognized as the best in the business. talent with experienced Rockwell employees. I’m proud of the way that new employees from recent acquisitions such as Plex, Fiix, Kalypso, and ASEM are having an influence that goes beyond their acquired businesses. I’m also grateful for the way that the thousands of other employees who have joined Rockwell in the last year are being welcomed by their management and human resources teams, under conditions that remain very difficult. As I meet with new hires, I’m impressed by the diverse perspectives they bring and by their conviction that what we do matters. The Rockwell Board has embraced this transformation, encouraging a sense of urgency and relentless quest for finding new ways to win. The evolution of our culture is modeled by the Board and seen throughout our 24,500 worldwide employees, creating a shared purpose that more rapidly integrates new Our technology and people are helping to build a more resilient economy through solutions that enable safe, secure remote operation of manufacturing processes. We are unlocking new agility with advanced material handling products and software that simulates and optimizes new production. And we are helping industrial companies grow more sustainably, by running existing processes more efficiently and by helping renewable energy producers lower their costs and increase their capacity. Our rock-solid automation products and new sources of value have never been more in demand, and nobody is better positioned to bring them together for even more impact. We’re working every day to do extraordinary things for our customers. Thank you for your trust in and your ownership of Rockwell Automation. 

BLAKE D. MORET 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
