Fellow Shareholders,

The past year has tested us like never before—as individuals, as a company, as communities, and as a global family. We are filled with gratitude to all the frontline and essential workers who have risked their lives to protect ours. We hope you and your families are staying safe and healthy, and our hearts go out to everyone who has lost a loved one or friend to this terrible pandemic. Vaccines give us hope for the future, but COVID-19 has changed our lives forever. Last year, we were thrust into an all-digital, work-from-anywhere world. As nearly 57,000 global employees continue to work from home, we’ve become a leader in working from anywhere. Guided by our core values—Trust, Customer Success, Innovation and Equality—we have become more strategic and relevant to our customers than ever. Put simply, Salesforce is the success from anywhere company. By helping our customers achieve success from anywhere, we delivered another record year—$21.3 billion in fiscal year 2021, up 24% over last year. Even at our scale, Salesforce remains the fastest-growing enterprise software company in the world. We’re the #1 CRM platform, #1 in Analytics with Tableau and #1 in Integration with MuleSoft. This coming year, we expect to surpass $25 billion in revenue, on our way to our goal of $50 billion in the next five years. Our exceptional growth last year is rooted in our own example—how we transformed our company and achieved success from anywhere right here at Salesforce. When the pandemic hit, we pivoted and developed a new operating model. We used Sales Cloud to engage with our customers from anywhere—having millions of conversations to ensure we remain relevant to their success. We used Marketing Cloud to market from anywhere, creating new digital experiences like Dreamforce to You and hundreds of leadership events that have been viewed nearly 500 million times. We built an incredible new platform, Hyperforce—with new data centers opened in India and Germany, and 10 more planned for this year—allowing our customers to manage their data from anywhere. With Service Cloud, we managed our own caseload as our business continued to accelerate throughout the year, and as a customer of Slack we used Service Cloud with Slack to improve case time close rate by 26%. Slack is the central nervous system for the new world of work—connecting people and data across systems, apps and devices from anywhere. After we close the acquisition, we’ll build Slack into our products and help our customers become even more productive from anywhere. And we’re going to create the most open and interoperable ecosystem of apps and workflows in enterprise software.

We’re helping our customers find success from anywhere as well. No other company offers the flexibility, scale and time to value of Customer 360, allowing organizations to work, sell, service, market, collaborate, and analyze data from anywhere. Around the world, companies such as AT&T, 3M, Zoom, VF Corporation, Humana, GAP, and Align Technology are turning to Salesforce to build direct, trusted customer relationships and power their digital transformations, making Salesforce the #1 CRM for the seventh year in a row, as ranked by IDC. This year, delivering success from anywhere also meant developing new technologies—like contact tracing, Work.com and Vaccine Cloud—to help companies and governments beat back the pandemic. More than 150 international, federal, state and local government agencies, and healthcare organizations, are using Salesforce technology for vaccine management and COVID-19 tracking. More than 245 million people around the world have accessed COVID-19 data through our Tableau dashboards, and thousands of organizations are relying on Tableau’s COVID-19 data hub. Our success this year also allowed us to do even more to serve all of our stakeholders. We delivered 50 million pieces of personal protective equipment to more than 300 hospitals around the world to help first responders, doctors, and nurses care for patients during the pandemic. We donated more than $30 million to support response efforts across some of the hardest hit cities around the world. We’ve partnered with Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, on equ aitable distribution of vaccines across 190 countries. We’re equipping millions of Trailblazers globally with the skills they need to compete for the 4.2 million new jobs the Salesforce ecosystem is expected to create by 2024. As we respond to the pandemic, we continue to live our core values, including our commitment to equality. As systemic racism and violence against the Black community rose to the forefront last year, we established a new—Racial Equality and Justice Taskforce to drive systemic change across four areas—people, purchasing, philanthropy, and policy. Last year, we added two new leadership and overall representation goals, committing to double the U.S. representation of Black employees in leadership (VP+) and increase our U.S. representation of underrepresented minority (Black, Indigenous, Latinx, and Multiracial) of employees by 50% by fiscal 2024. e We’re also working toward our goal set forth in fiscal 2020 of ensuring that underrepresented groups (women, Black, Latinx, Indigenous, Multiracial, LGBTQ+, People with Disabilities, and Veterans) make up half of our U.S. workforce by fiscal 2024. Over the next five years, we will invest $200 million and 1 million volunteer hours with organizations working to advance racial equality and justice at the global, national, and local level. We are also committing to spend $100 million on Black-owned businesses and $100 million on minority-owned companies by fiscal 2024. We also continue to advocate for police reform, civic engagement, and economic empowerment policies. We realize that every institution and company, including Salesforce, has so much more to do to ensure equality in our workplaces and across the globe. All told, Salesforce continues to be a global leader in investing in our communities and opportunity for all people. Our businesses cannot be successful without helping our communities become more successful. When we truly serve all stakeholders business is the greatest platform for change. Last year, together with the Salesforce Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization, we contributed nearly $100 million to our local communities, bringing our corporate giving since our founding to approximately $430 million in grants. This includes more than $120 million to support education with a new focus on distance learning during the pandemic. We have volunteered 5.7 million hours, and, in the last year alone, we donated approximately $1.4 billion in free and discounted technology for nonprofits and schools. I’m especially proud of our efforts on behalf of the planet. As a net-zero operations company, all of our products are carbon neutral. Last year, we reduced our market-based carbon footprint by 40 percent, and we remain on track to reach 100% renewable energy by fiscal 2022. We have now helped to plant 10 million trees, part of our commitment to conserve, restore and grow 100 million trees over the next decade in support of the World Economic Forum’s 1T.org initiative. As a founding sponsor of the global platform Uplink, we’re helping connect more than 10,000 ecopreneurs around the world as they develop the next generation of innovative solutions to drive sustainability. None of this success would be possible without you—our shareholders. Thank you for continuing to place your trust in Salesforce. As hard as the past year has been, I remain as optimistic as ever about the future of Salesforce and our ability to achieve success from anywhere—because we’re building that future with you. 

Thank you,

Marc Benioff 

Chair and CEO
