To our shareholders, customers and colleagues

Without a doubt, 2020 was a year we will never forget. As individuals, as a company and as a global community, we’ve had to navigate significant challenges and recalibrate our lives in big and small ways to manage through the COVID-19 pandemic. For Thermo Fisher, the year will also stand out as one of our finest moments – for the way we supported science and society when they needed us most. I’m very proud of how we responded to the pandemic and managed our company successfully through a challenging environment, while also accelerating the execution of our growth strategy to create an even brighter future for our company. As a result, we dramatically increased our growth and created tremendous value for all of our stakeholders. In so many ways, it was our best year yet. I’m deeply grateful to our 80,000 colleagues – some of whom appear on the cover of this annual report – for making it possible. Track record of outstanding performance Our 2020 financial results were truly extraordinary, continuing our long track record of outstanding performance. During the year, we grew revenue by 26 percent to $32.22 billion. We also generated exceptional earnings growth. Our GAAP diluted earnings per share (EPS) increased 74 percent to $15.96, and adjusted EPS* grew 58 percent to $19.55. In addition, we generated strong free cash flow of $6.8 billion in 2020. At the same time, we returned significant capital to our shareholders through $1.8 billion of stock buybacks and a growing dividend. Our success during the year enabled us to advance our proven growth strategy at a time when many companies had to pull back, and we further strengthened our industry position by: • Continuing to develop high-impact, innovative new products • Leveraging our scale in high-growth and emerging markets • Delivering a unique value proposition to our customers Commitment to innovation The first pillar of our growth strategy is innovation, and during 2020 we invested $1.2 billion in R&D to deliver new technologies to help our customers achieve their goals. This included a number of highly innovative products to strengthen our leading positions in analytical instruments, biosciences and bioproduction. For example, we extended our industryleading Orbitrap platform with two new-generation Thermo Scientific Exploris mass spectrometers. In our electron microscopy business, we launched two Thermo Scientific Selectris imaging filters for our cryo-electron microscopes and introduced our Thermo Scientific Tundra Cryo-Transmission Electron Microscope – continuing to expand the benefits of this groundbreaking technology and democratize its use. Also, in our bioproduction business, we launched a versatile bioprocess container, new cell-culture media, and an oligo resin to support vaccine and therapy development. Our teams also pivoted to support the pandemic response and moved rapidly to develop our Applied Biosystems TaqPath COVID-19 Combo Kit, which received emergency use authorization in the U.S. in March 2020, followed by similar authorizations around the world. We then significantly expanded our portfolio of COVID-19 related products, launching the Thermo Fisher Scientific Amplitude Solution for high-throughput PCR-based testing and our Applied Biosystems TaqCheck PCR test for asymptomatic health surveillance. With these innovations, we have established worldwide leadership in COVID-19 diagnostic testing, supporting hundreds of millions of COVID-19 PCR tests across the world. Leveraging our scale The second pillar of our growth strategy is leveraging our scale in high-growth and emerging markets. China is our largest market outside the U.S., and to continue to strengthen our presence there and support the rapidly growing local biotech industry, during the year we localized the manufacturing of single-use bioproduction technologies at our Center of Excellence in Suzhou. We also announced the formation of a joint venture to establish a biological drug development and manufacturing facility in Hangzhou. In addition, we opened new commercial centers to support materials science customers in China and South Korea. Our ongoing investments and the differentiated customer experience that we’ve created in the region position us well to further capitalize on the significant growth opportunities there. Creating value for our customers Our third pillar is delivering a unique value proposition, and entering 2021, our relationships with customers and governments around the world have never been stronger. Because of these trusted relationships, built over many years, we were uniquely positioned to help our pharmaceutical and biotech customers develop and eventually produce COVID-19 related vaccines and therapies. And through our extensive work in molecular diagnostics, clinical labs now have an even greater appreciation of our leading offering in specialty diagnostics. We’ve dramatically increased our PCR and sample preparation instrument installed base, and our customers have seen how strong we are as a partner in addressing their needs. In 2020, we committed $1.7 billion in capital expenditures to be an even better partner and accelerate our growth. We added capacity and capabilities in bioproduction, pharma services and biosciences, as well as other businesses across the company. We also entered into a strategic partnership with CSL – a global biotech company –to expand our biologics drug substance manufacturing capacity to serve this rapidly growing market. Driven by our Mission Our role in addressing the global health crisis is one of the best examples of how we create value for our customers. It’s also the most profound example of how we fulfill our Mission to enable our customers to make the world healthier, cleaner and safer. We were ready for this moment because we built Thermo Fisher to serve society. Thanks to our unique culture, our understanding of science and our close customer relationships, we saw the need and we moved into action with speed at scale. Throughout the pandemic, we’ve worked closely with the highest levels of governments and healthcare institutions around the world, as well as with the pharmaceutical and biotech industry to support efforts in research, diagnostic testing, development and production of vaccines and treatments, and personal protection. I’ll share a few examples: • When the health crisis first emerged in China, we immediately established round-the-clock service to support the Chinese Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, hospitals and clinical labs, with PCR instruments to detect the virus and our next-generation sequencing instruments to understand it. • As researchers around the world raced to determine the virus’ structure, our Thermo Scientific Krios cryo-electron microscopes helped them identify the spike protein and its cellular receptor during infection – dramatically accelerating the path to vaccines and treatments. • We also worked closely with our suppliers worldwide to secure and manage the distribution of personal protective equipment to keep healthcare and essential workers and our own colleagues safe. • Understanding the critical need for reliable diagnostics, we quickly developed a PCR-based workflow that is now widely used across the globe as the gold standard in testing, given its high level of accuracy. • As an essential partner to help pharmaceutical and biotech companies quickly develop and manufacture vaccines and therapies, we supported more than 300 of the top projects around the world with our pharma services and other capabilities across our company. • Understanding the requirements of the vaccines, we ramped up production of ultra-low temperature freezers to support storage and distribution well in advance of the vaccine roll-out. All of this enabled the global response to the pandemic while also creating long-term opportunities for our company.

Navigating a challenging environment To support our customers and help them overcome their obstacles during the year, we managed our company deftly through the many aspects of a challenging environment – rapidly changing market conditions, the ins and outs of government lockdowns, adjustments in the way we work, and the personal and professional challenges facing our team members. Three principles have guided our actions throughout this unprecedented time: • First and foremost, keep our colleagues safe and inspired to fulfill our Mission • Maintain business continuity to best serve our customers • Manage the company appropriately to come out of this period an even stronger industry leader Staying true to these principles has served us well, and our colleagues have told us how much they appreciate the way we’ve managed the company during this time and how proud they are to be part of Thermo Fisher. As always, our Practical Process Improvement (PPI) Business System was a major factor in our success. PPI is the discipline that shapes the way we work and creates a mindset within our company for finding a better way every day – helping us to solve problems, increase efficiency, work more effectively and continuously improve our company. During 2020, our execution through PPI enabled us to successfully navigate short-term challenges and scale our pandemic response at an unprecedented speed, which allowed us to capture new opportunities and exceed our customers’ expectations. Increasing our social impact We also realize that our obligation as an industry leader goes beyond providing products and services to enable our customers’ work. We have a responsibility to make the world a better place through involvement in our communities and through our business and hiring practices. I’m very proud that in 2020 we took steps to significantly increase our social impact. Education creates opportunities for all, so in August we launched The Just Project, honoring pioneering biologist Ernest Everett Just. This involved a donation of $25 million in diagnostic instruments, test kits and related supplies to enable free COVID-19 testing at historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs) and support the safe return of students to these campuses. We also committed to hiring at least 500 graduates from HBCUs over the next three years. With the need for scientists and innovators front and center last year, we also invested $30 million to establish our Foundation for Science, which will amplify our longstanding commitment to STEM education, with a focus on underserved communities. In addition, we expanded our matching gift program to multiply our colleagues’ charitable contributions, and we doubled funding for our Community Action Councils – colleague-led teams that do tremendous humanitarian work in our local communities. Living by our values Of course, our social impact begins right here inside Thermo Fisher with the kind of environment we create for our colleagues – who represent nearly every race, ethnicity, background, gender and orientation. While there’s always more we can do, we’ve come a long way in building an inclusive culture where our colleagues know their unique backgrounds and perspectives are valued, and they are inspired to bring their best every day – which drives continuous improvement for our company and new solutions for our customers. As we continue this journey, I’m proud that our company has been named “Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality” for the sixth consecutive year. We’ve also been named one of the “Top 100 Most Attractive Employers” in China, a “Great Place to Work” in India and have received similar recognitions in Europe. We are deeply committed to doing business the right way and living by our 4i Values – Integrity, Intensity, Innovation and Involvement. Our corporate governance structure supports accountability and transparency, with a strong, diverse board of directors; annual director elections; a one-share, one-vote rule; bestpractice internal and external pay equity; and leading diversity disclosure practices. We also recognize that acting responsibly and sustainably includes an obligation to be a good steward of our planet. We’ve taken many steps over the years to reduce our environmental impact, both in our operations and in the products we make and deliver to our customers. We are working toward a goal to reduce our greenhouse gases 30 percent by 2030, and we continue to expand our portfolio of green products to help our customers meet their own goals for energy efficiency and environmental stewardship. All of this is the right thing to do, but it also makes good business sense. Our culture and our leading social and environmental practices help us recruit top talent and strengthen our industry leadership, while helping to make the world a better place. CSR Hub puts Thermo Fisher in the 90th percentile for responsible ESG practices.i And, we were chosen in December 2020 as one of ESG fund managers’ favorite international companies.ii Thermo Fisher’s stakeholders include our customers, our colleagues, our shareholders – and society overall. We believe that doing right by all of them drives our success, and our results speak for themselves. As I think about the future, I’ve never been more excited about the opportunities we have to make an even greater impact for science and society. Propelled by our Mission and the passion of our 80,000 colleagues, we’ll continue to create value and earn your trust every day. As always, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. 

Sincerely,

Marc N. Casper 

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
