Dear Fellow Shareowners:

Our founder Jim Casey said, “Determined people working together can do anything.” While UPS has been in existence for more than 114 years, Jim’s quote was never truer than in 2021. In the face of many challenges, UPSers in more than 220 countries and territories around the world focused on executing our strategy, Customer First, People Led, Innovation Driven. We delivered for our customers and, at the same time, took care of each other and our communities. I’d like to begin by thanking our 534,000 UPSers for their hard work and dedication. Together we are moving our world forward by delivering what matters. 

Throughout 2021 we used our framework of better not bigger to focus on what matters most to our customers and drive improvement in our financial performance. We made bold decisions along the way and delivered meaningful results. Here are a few highlights:

Generated record revenue and operating profit, and expanded margins in all three business segments, driven by revenue-quality and productivity improvements. Consolidated revenue grew by 15% to $97.3 billion and adjusted* operating profit grew by more than 50% to reach $13.1 billion.

Strengthened our competitive position through our Fastest Ground Ever initiative and expanded weekend operations to unlock additional capacity in the U.S. Globally, we delivered more than 6.4 billion packages.

Improved U.S. customer mix by growing volume from small and medium-sized businesses (SMB) to 26.8% of total volume, led by solutions like our Digital Access Program (DAP).

Executed a successful peak globally, anchored by industry-leading service levels in the U.S.

Sold UPS Freight and acquired Roadie, expanding our digital technology capabilities.

Delivered more than 1.1 billion COVID-19 vaccine doses in over 110 countries around the world, with 99.9% on-time delivery.

Strengthened our balance sheet by repaying $2.55 billion of long-term debt and reduced our pension liabilities by $7.8 billion.

Generated $10.9 billion in free cash flow*, more than doubling the amount generated in 2020.

Announced target dividend payout ratio of approximately 50% of prior year adjusted earnings per share. 

And we did a whole lot more.

EXECUTING OUR STRATEGY 

Customer First is about providing a frictionless customer experience and we track our progress in this area through improvements in our Net Promoter Score (NPS). We are attacking the biggest customer pain points first, and throughout 2021, we rolled out improvements to the digital experience in pickup, claims and UPS.com. We generate over $9 billion in gross revenue annually from transactions on our global website. We redesigned the U.S. site in 2021 and saw site visits grow a hundredfold, with an equally impressive growth in monthly page views, up from 10,000 in January to 600,000 in December 2021. We have more plans to improve the UPS.com experience globally, which should lead to higher revenue, greater customer satisfaction and a better understanding of UPS’s purpose and how we are delivering on it, particularly with our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) initiatives. Being Customer First is also about being relevant. In 2021, we saw our Brand Relevance scores increase by nine points overall and 11 points with respect to ESG, placing UPS at the high end of relevance scores compared to key competitors. We know it will take time to move the needle on NPS, which stands at 30, but we set a target of 50 and have a clear path to get there. People Led focuses on the employee experience and making UPS a great place to work. Our performance is measured by how likely an employee is to recommend others to work at UPS. In early 2020, our likelihood to recommend metric was 51% globally, and our goal is to surpass 80%. We finished 2021 at 61%, which we accomplished by investing in our people and moving to a more inclusive work environment. We also reorganized our functional structures by creating fewer but more impactful jobs and empowered our people with greater decision-making authority. From a Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI) perspective, we launched our “You Belong at UPS” campaign and meaningfully improved the diversity of our workforce. Our efforts have led to happier UPSers and a culture where our employees feel more valued. Innovation Driven is at the heart of what we do. During the year we leveraged the power of our global smart logistics network and drove higher returns on our invested capital. In 2021, we reversed a multi-year downward trend of this metric by delivering a return on invested capital of 30.8%*, which is 910 basis points above what we reported in 2020. We remain disciplined in our capital allocation priorities, including a dividend payout target of 50% of adjusted earnings per share that we announced at our June Investor & Analyst Day. In evidence of this, the UPS board recently approved a 49% increase in the quarterly dividend from $1.02 per share to $1.52 per share, the largest quarterly dividend increase in our company’s history. Though we have made progress in each area of our strategy, we have a lot more we can and will do. 

OUR FOCUS IS ON THE FUTURE 

As the world continues to adapt to the effects of COVID-19, we are seeing supply chains under continued pressure and customer expectations changing. U.S. inflation is the highest it has been in decades and there is significant competition for talent. In the midst of those challenges, we see opportunity. We expect global demand for our end-to-end delivery services to remain high. Our strategic framework has built a solid foundation for our business and is enabling us to move faster to capture the best opportunities in the market while continuously improving our financial performance. Within our framework, we are laser focused on three areas:

First, we will continue to improve revenue quality. We are making strong progress through our pricing strategies and by investing in the solutions that matter the most to our customers, like fast, reliable service and easy-to-use digital solutions. We are continuing to expand DAP by adding new partners and expanding the program internationally. We are also on a path to be a $10 billion healthcare logistics company by 2023.

Second, we are relentlessly focused on productivity improvements and cost take-out initiatives. We are implementing new technology and using data to drive numerous improvements to increase pieces per hour, improve asset utilization, and strengthen training and safety programs. As an example, we just started rolling out what we call our “smart package, smart facility” technology, which will put RFID tags on all packages. These special labels will eliminate almost 20 million manual scans per day, increasing productivity, reducing cost and improving package visibility throughout our network.

Third, we will continue to effectively allocate capital and generate higher returns on the capital we deploy. Reinvesting in the business to support our strategy continues to be our top capital priority, followed by a stable and growing dividend. Maintaining a strong balance sheet is next, and we’ve made significant progress by repaying debt and strengthening our credit rating. And finally, as long as it’s value-creating, we are allocating cash to share repurchases. In August of 2021, we announced a multi-year $5 billion share repurchase program, of which $4.5 billion remains available for share repurchases. 

Speed in execution defines UPS. Based on our 2021 results and the momentum we see in our business, we expect to achieve the consolidated revenue and operating profit goals we established for 2023 by 2022, one year early. We’ve also aligned our ESG efforts with our strategy. As a company guided by our strong purpose, we believe we should give back to the communities we serve, and we have a responsibility to all stakeholders for good social and environmental stewardship, founded in the integrity and good governance for which UPS is known. On the environmental front, in particular, we are committed to our “rolling laboratory” approach to reducing emissions with more than 13,300 alternative fuel and advanced technology vehicles. These vehicles drive more than one million “green” miles per day and are one of the many ways in which we will achieve carbon neutrality in our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions across our global operations by 2050. We’ve also set carbon elimination targets along the way so that you can measure our progress. You can find more detail at investors.ups.com/esg. 

CONCLUSION 

I am incredibly proud of the efforts UPSers have made to support our customers and communities over the last year, and their progress executing our strategy. As we look ahead, we know we are writing the next chapter of the UPS story and we are excited about our future. I want to encourage all shareowners to vote your shares at our Annual Meeting in May. This is your opportunity to share your views with us. We listen and take your feedback into account as we seek to grow our business, improve governance, and increase long-term shareowner value. As we approach the Annual Meeting, I encourage you to contact us with any questions or feedback at 404-828-6059. 

I will leave you with a final quote from Jim Casey, “Our Oneness gives definite, forceful meaning to the words Our Company.” This is your company, and we are grateful for your support.



Carol B. Tome

Chief Executive Officer
