Dear fellow shareholders 2021 was a year of continued transformation and innovation at Wabtec. We took significant steps to drive progress against our long-term strategy by delivering profitable growth, margin expansion, and strong cash flow generation. Despite several unprecedented external factors, including supply chain challenges, inflation, labor availability, and the continued presence of COVID-19, our team persevered and effectively served our customers while investing in next-generation technologies and innovative solutions that deliver cleaner, greener, smarter, and safer transportation. I am incredibly proud of the resiliency of our team to operate under these challenging conditions, maintain our operations, pivot across our supply chain, and deliver for our customers. Looking forward, both the fundamentals of the company and our ability to deliver long-term shareholder value remains strong. 2021 Financial Performance The efforts of our team and the broader execution of our strategic plan enabled Wabtec to realize a year of strong financial performance. Total sales for 2021 were $7.82 billion, with cash flow from operations of $1.07 billion. This is a record level of cash generated by Wabtec and a remarkable accomplishment given the incredibly dynamic supply chain and inflationary environment. We achieved an adjusted operating margin of 15.9 percent and delivered significant adjusted operating margin improvement in our Transit segment, where we continue to experience a mixed market environment due to the pandemic and its impact on ridership levels and operator budget constraints. Our Transit team is leading a transformation across the segment and continues to improve project execution, productivity, and cost actions. We ended the year with adjusted earnings per share of $4.26, up 12.4 percent from 2020. In 2021, we achieved our goal of $250 million in run-rate synergies since the merger with GE Transportation. This took place 15 months earlier than expected and is a testament to the team’s focus on execution. We also continued to invest in the future with the strategic acquisition of Nordco, which provides great opportunities to drive profitable growth and international expansion in the maintenance of way sector. Finally, we returned $392 million of capital to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases. Through these achievements, we will continue to build on our solid foundation and are in a strong position to drive profitable growth, generate cash, and perform for our shareholders, customers, and employees in the short- and long-term. Delivering on Our Purpose: Move and Improve the World As always, Wabtec’s ability to innovate is its greatest competitive differentiator. Last year, we continued to push the boundaries of innovation by developing breakthrough initiatives and sustainable technologies that are changing the face of the industry. Recognizing that the world needs transformative – not incremental – change to drive the decarbonization of rail, we announced a bold vision to accelerate the shift to alternative clean energy solutions through zero-emission batteryelectric and hydrogen-powered locomotives. This included testing in revenue-service operation the world’s first heavy-haul 100-percent batteryelectric locomotive, which proved successful in reducing fuel consumption and CO2 emissions by more than 11 percent while operating in a train consist between two other locomotives. Our next version of the FLXdrive, which is currently in development, is expected to go even further and reduce fuel and emissions by up to 30 percent. Customers globally are investing in our advanced FLXdrive technology and we expect this to be an area of continued growth. Looking forward, we aim to extend this technology further to hydrogen fuel cells for rail and help lead the industry to a zeroemission rail network of the future. In 2021, we also helped lead the charge to create a safer and more efficient freight rail network. This included new enhancements to, and the international expansion of, Positive Train Control, as well as helping our customers address their carbon goals through the adoption of Trip Optimizer (TO), TO Smart Horsepower Per Ton, TO Zero-to-Zero, and LOCOTROL Extended Architecture. When combined, these EPA-certified technologies drive approximately 20 percent fuel savings, which, since inception, has helped customers save more than 400 million gallons of diesel fuel and eliminated close to 4.5 million tons of CO2 . Our services team is also playing a huge role in making rail more fuel-efficient through our modernization program. Locomotive fleets globally are rapidly aging. Modernizations are a unique solution to revitalize these fleets while unlocking value for customers that includes up to 50 percent more tractive effort, up to a 25 percent improvement in fuel efficiency and reduction in emissions, and a roughly 40 percent increase in reliability. Last year we delivered our 1,000th modernization in the Americas. Since 2015 the fuel efficiency benefits of these 1,000 locomotives reduced carbon emissions by more than 1.4 million tons. Finally, we drove several new technology breakthroughs to boost transit efficiency and reduce emissions and pollutants. These included braking products like Metroflexx and Regioflexx, which helps reduce the weight, lifecycle cost, and braking distance of a transit train, or Wabtec’s Green Friction products, which reduce particle emissions from friction braking on metro trains by up to 90 percent. Leading the Way Whether it’s freight cars, locomotives, modernizations, or critical systems and subsystems in Transit and Freight, our solutions increase efficiency, reduce costs, and slash emissions. We are moving at scale, with speed and quality to deliver for our customers. As an industrial disruptor, we will continue to build on these strengths in 2022 and launch innovative solutions to transform the transportation landscape. And lead we will. We’ve been at the forefront of shaping and transforming this industry for more than 150 years. We have a unique portfolio and a leading position to deliver long-term profitable growth. Our strategy is built on our expertise as innovators of breakthrough solutions that drive value. Our global scale, commitment to continuous improvement, and investment in rail technology will continue to differentiate Wabtec, drive margin expansion, and strong cash generation. By executing on these fundamentals, we will deliver continued results for our shareowners and our employees, and help our customers achieve their most important goals.

RAFAEL SANTANA

President and CEO
