Fellow Shareholder, Xerox’s ability to navigate the unpredictability of the last two years is a testament to the strength of our people. From print to IT services to our newly stood up businesses, Xerox continues to evolve and create new revenue streams. Our four strategic initiatives, introduced in 2018, continue to remain at the forefront of every business decision we make: optimize operations, drive revenue, invest in and monetize innovation, and focus on cash flow. In 2021, we returned more than $1 billion of cash to shareholders, while continuing to invest in innovation to drive revenue today and in the future. Further, we exceeded our annual gross cost savings target of $375 million for Project Own It, bringing total gross cost savings to approximately $1.8 billion since inception in 2018, while investing in innovation during the pandemic. As a result of these investments, and other strategic efforts across our business, we expect to see revenue and operating income growth over the next three years. In Print & Services, demand for our products and services remains strong. Third-party research forecasts the print technology and managed print services (MPS) market to grow 1% through 2024, and we expect to do better. Clients recognize that the breadth of our product offerings, our suite of digital document workflow solutions and externally recognized security capabilities position us well to address their evolving workplace requirements. We continue to strengthen our global IT Services offerings, which include cloud, robotic process automation (RPA), cyber security, end user computing and managed services. Part of our growth strategy to capitalize on the $680 billion IT services market is centered around strategic acquisitions. In 2021, we stood-up Xerox Financial Services and, in early 2022, rebranded it as FITTLE to better reflect its breadth of offerings and pave the way for growth in new market segments. FITTLE offers innovative business financing solutions and currently serves more than 150,000 customers in 29 countries, in addition to managing more than 700,000 leases. Our financing business is expanding beyond print with new growth initiatives to help us capture a greater share of the $270 billion global office equipment and IT leasing opportunity. In September 2021, we announced the formation of CareAR, A Xerox Company, which consolidates CareAR, Inc., DocuShare® and XMPie under a single holding company named CareAR Holdings, a high-growth SaaS-based software platform that is revolutionizing service experiences by providing instantly accessible expertise. CareAR is an end-to-end Service Experience Management platform that delivers live visual augmented reality and AI-driven interactions, instructions and insights as part of a seamless digital workflow experience. PARC is an incubator of disruptive technologies and businesses that solve important global challenges. We continue on our path of commercializing novel technologies in each of PARC’s primary innovation pillars: additive and digital manufacturing, Internet of Things (IoT), and cleantech. ElemX, our 3D liquid metal printer, is the easiest-to-deploy production-grade metal printer. By using wire instead of powder, it delivers a quicker cycle time while eliminating costly facility modifications required for powder-based technologies. It was introduced to the market in 2021 as part of a collaboration with the U.S. Naval Postgraduate School. Since then, we have expanded our market presence with ElemX installations at Vertex Manufacturing and Oak Ridge National Laboratory. In 2021, we launched our first IoT business, Eloque, as a joint venture between Xerox and the Victorian Government (AU) to commercialize new PARC technology that remotely monitors the structural health of critical infrastructure assets, such as bridges. This technology enables early detection and prediction of structural problems, allowing issues to be found before they potentially become more costly to repair, and helping customers efficiently manage their maintenance budgets. The Eloque solution is now deployed on bridges throughout Victoria, and in 2022 we plan to triple the number of bridges under management. PARC also recently launched Novity, a new IoT venture to commercialize predictive maintenance (PdM) technology that reduces unplanned downtime in industrial manufacturing operations — a key pain point for manufacturers, with recent studies indicating that it costs industrial manufacturers an estimated $50 billion each year. Novity signed its first commercial customer, Pennsy Supply, in March 2022. Beyond our core revenue-driving business units and ventures, we are proud of the progress we’ve made to ensure we always do what is best not only for Xerox, but also for people, the environment, and society. Building upon our legacy and last year’s establishment of a new diversity, inclusion and belonging (DIB) roadmap, we have made tangible steps toward building a workforce that more closely mirrors the markets we serve by expanding our Employee Resource Groups, partnering with vendors who source underrepresented candidates through artificial intelligence, increasing the diversity of our Board of Directors, and training for hiring managers to reduce bias. As we evolve as an organization, so do our DIB strategies, which are threaded throughout the whole of the company. At Xerox, we have long believed that businesses— like ours— play a critical role in protecting the health of the planet. With climate change being one of the defining issues of our time, we fast-tracked our Net Zero goal by 10 years to 2040. Our roadmap covers our full value chain and focuses on improving processes and energy efficiency, as well as designing environmentally responsible products and clean technologies. Our approach to sustainability also includes partnerships to accelerate progress. Last year, we joined the United Nations’ Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) Race to Zero and the Science Based Target initiative’s (SBTi) Business Ambition for 1.5°C campaigns, aligning our climate mitigation targets with the most ambitious aim of the Paris Agreement and to what science dictates is necessary to reduce the destructive impacts of climate change on human society and nature: to limit global warming to 1.5°C. As the world and the way we work continue to evolve, so will we. We remain focused on solving real-world problems, both large and small, and disrupting industries for the better. We appreciate your continued support of Xerox and thank you for being part of our shareholder community. 

Regards,

John Visentin 

Vice Chairman and CEO
